DeepSeek Faces Global Scrutiny as Governments Ban AI Model Over Security Concerns - PYMNTS.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxOM2xvVVQ3TXVKbm92VHAyaE9RVUNJS2thZU9rcW9wWWxaTS1FY0RJNUdTbl96UDVKajVabU1OcHlIdFFZQU1iNmZ6bUcwNVFnSktGLUZoRVdjdmpCM1ZsQ1QzTUthanhEaG8yMEo3OU5OUXo4bFBLYkM5QlNyVmx6d0d2TzF1SHo5ZFk5aFVrYmhRWlYwU3lXLXJYdS00UHJo?oc=5
Published: Sun, 19 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek explained: Everything you need to know - TechTarget
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikgFBVV95cUxQdHZzdDRqb1JneGl3QVRuVFlzZzhreGhueXBENm9IYU1LNXRsbWladFFpVndlRVI1dm5kZWEzT3hja3gtVGMwbG1sMHRQMDQ3elhlSVo1cDNDTml1SDRMdktrNVJsdzUwdFdwUFNUSEZfRTlzZC1LNlJrMG53dmxnYmpnejB0ZDVBdG91TVpMaUowZw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Open-source DeepSeek-R1 uses pure reinforcement learning to match OpenAI o1 — at 95% less cost - VentureBeat
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuwFBVV95cUxNakljdWNzUmlZcVdHbW50aHliTHREZ2Jndy1NYWNZdjE1NmN5VGVKRkxkb3ZCVml3cHAzblVNbFFicXV4eEFFRmJiMmx4Um5IbGphV05acGlSS2sxMHFGTHBMYmE2SXo3bDFYeTBTRElwdUVvWnY2Njh5T2tVUTJ3Q2l6ZENXbDUySllGVHhuNC1LLXAwRFd6ak9BZ0QxZVM5RUZ1WHZTeW4xQWwweFdqeDlRS18xRzJZME44?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek open-sources its R1 reasoning model series - SiliconANGLE News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijAFBVV95cUxNSEFBRTVaS1BXYV8yeWk3LWswM2IyNGxkWlVGdzhWRlBTdFFGSmlCc2NaUFhTUGF0Rm9EZndkODFJMjZBUHBxZ3dqa2MyMmNnVDYwTWFaZHVxUkJXT01KZE9TU3poMUl4WjFkQWFsSjRRSTlrMjBuX1ZoMnFBVmNZQXZoOW9FbF9MUVNGSA?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1 vs DeepSeek-R1-Zero - Medium
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilgFBVV95cUxPMWh2TEdoMmc3MEttWHhJdkMtelZUNDVUck1OTEVhcmxlckh1ZHJXamI3eU1WLUxybF9mcjBvRUZneG1UMFN3WTlNUFZ3LWRTV015WjhfbVM0NndzZzk3M2VkVWxtZVhIZ196NlhGeW1COHBPUXpzTGdxbVlJdWFLZlIwOTVTcUZiUHI1cXdMUnhCcDVxMnc?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Crushes OpenAI o1 with an MIT-Licensed Model—Developers Are Losing It - AIM
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiwwFBVV95cUxNemJzQ0M4TXd6ZXZRNENvcC1uZjVZVE82ZzhCUWhMWnZMOWExRDdEUHljZzBKWkVTUE5jWW1NUDZXVHRCV0JYdjNiQTRBQUZVU1VndEFLa2VhQ3FiSEpVendOdHhmT2pTWXdxbTZCMDZHR0xtWWllV200QlNCb2ZCT2xIaS1fMWk0czBMMWVtZkhMZVZLUVZfNXQ5TE0yVzZXZlZlVnAtbnQ5UXE3dHJBZUYzbHFCVFFHZ04wR1p2aGsxY28?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1 reasoning models rival OpenAI in performance - AI News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxOQkNPVERaY2VLaDZnLXo0MzdCbTYzM1FZcDFIaU9iZElXRXV6OEkzcDVWdko5SEdMN2lJTzJQY0dHWVU2WmZ1QU9OMjBzMC1IM05IWjlHVS1FT21DZ09SbmdUZk5obFkzdWlUV055ZUNlNUt5SWowU0ZQU21Da0VsemhLdXYxblJScW9BVjZXRnR2Z3g1Nk5WY1BpWE44eURoc0hPMjhOQ0ZMdw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek R1 is a Fully Open-Source "Reasoning" AI Model - Maginative
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikwFBVV95cUxONEw2Y3ctYzdQUkpkTFpqUFFBcUpjTzRaMjBtTWFvbUNnNE96Q1Yzb3hRSjZDOVYwTHJ1UFd3UmMxZXM3aDBvdlI1SktzcXFqeEdOMW1rOXlrZFNMNWRyUlVEWlpGNmg0WDZPSXo0T0tEcXNzT2xESDNDS3VxNmFhNVFHT0JxaWlIbDF4amJPZGh2cDQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-AI Releases DeepSeek-R1-Zero and DeepSeek-R1: First-Generation Reasoning Models that Incentivize Reasoning Capability in LLMs via Reinforcement Learning - MarkTechPost
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

The AI Chess Game: How DeepSeek is Changing the Game for Model Makers - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxQUHd6TERwdG5jTDhkMG1EYjdsX1oxaEVXRko1eTd2OEVLYUpEakNuekphcWJ3djZsY2VHR0NRMjFOTnJHWjRxTzJUT0hOdUhONG5MMUpCU0lpbm9nS0VsQi1uQUl4SURVNlpBTzVPRkVjMkJOQVZ1TkY5UUtia3JJbg?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What is DeepSeek? The Chinese AI that lost US stock market $1trillion - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiwAFBVV95cUxOMkxlQlR5eUJPdndEU2REbzZGaUFqOWV6RzhBX3NuVHA2am5xQTU1R2hiaGh0d1ZPeHE0elVNWTN5SXU2c216aUUxNHB2YkRpN3o4X0xEZk1KS2xUUlFORXVxX0FFN05BNUdIUEtOekpORmpUVDFxVkFOV2xjQmU0MDBpdnpVRVVPaGp5djdmVWxDQ1I0dHNvSnpiVzlCWFlqYWQ2djF2anp5eU9NMW02VDFTc0tMbjNnSWZvc01TXzU?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

The Chinese OBLITERATED OpenAI. A side-by-side comparison of DeepSeek R1 vs OpenAI O1 for Finance - DataDrivenInvestor
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi4AFBVV95cUxOVEtYLVhVRWxDMjNyMy1UYVRYbjAwTEhPb2Q3VXp1c2RaVE14anVpSkZOTDZPSTVfQmZnZ1dtMy1zdzFwSzRQS0p6V21rYWZ4S3I0SFFGOW1zOTZIYmllV3M3bmxmUDNOd0FwbVNYLW1XQzVvaUU3RFcwanAzdl9LVUxZRkFSNW1CcTd3cVBYOFRfcEl1LUI0U3ZuX3dQQ0RGRW1SeEt5WmZyckxmZE13SHllMXJkX1ZxNnRMLVIyTnRBcEtaRmVYOTBGMVFCTnlfcGZod1NITGJQcHRYV0RKLQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Everything to know about DeepSeek, the Chinese AI startup disrupting the stock market and app stores - Technext
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMid0FVX3lxTE56RjhTS2dud3NrNTlCVnlkUVZxNUtCb0xtaUZhQ01VRTRKdVhkeWdhTTFnT0V6dk9wRDRta0p6ZlVGTVN1a0hybzZkQThucjBjT0pVMkdCclZqSGc5a2llemdCc1U5eFI1a2EtY181VXlmdFh0QW80?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Bitcoin has ‘nothing to do’ with DeepSeek. Here’s why its price tumbled anyway. - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi5wFBVV95cUxQSnJCVlgtUklDWDRGVkJ1ZFhGLTBoU2tjekNNU2FNWEVZRloxRjVHQWRHWE1vcENWaGtFVXNYLUZ0bGUtNUZWMzhlU05jRWNBVEhPQko1ZHFETGhWbmg2MTVGcC12WEgtZ1ZRSUxFb3E5UTRqNlB6YUx4eEJkdG04a1dVYzJ6Rjk3ZVdjYXpWU0gxVG4xVWlhRDgtY0VHOXhjaC1NV1loRmpCMzNaMXllT1JGOVJVVFVWUmJxbWUtTXVGRVNOclRGNF9mRlI0RFl2US1ZZnoxUlJVZ0NkV0xCeXBnUjhQOG8?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Faces Global Scrutiny as Governments Ban AI Model Over Security Concerns - PYMNTS.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxOM2xvVVQ3TXVKbm92VHAyaE9RVUNJS2thZU9rcW9wWWxaTS1FY0RJNUdTbl96UDVKajVabU1OcHlIdFFZQU1iNmZ6bUcwNVFnSktGLUZoRVdjdmpCM1ZsQ1QzTUthanhEaG8yMEo3OU5OUXo4bFBLYkM5QlNyVmx6d0d2TzF1SHo5ZFk5aFVrYmhRWlYwU3lXLXJYdS00UHJo?oc=5
Published: Sun, 19 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Deepseek surpasses ChatGPT to top the AppStore. What are the related AI concept coins?-web3资讯 - odaily.news
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiUEFVX3lxTE1EOHF1bkZWTDdQcUhkVV9hRklad3hUUE5iZ2o5YzByNTBmemhNOVY5Nm1aZ0JadTN1aWxUYnhyY0dwdjhRWHU1TWFleGlmUWJU?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Nvidia Historic $589 Billion Loss Triggers Market Sell-Off After DeepSeek AI Model Threat - HPBL
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuAFBVV95cUxON2gwOF96azRIVzlYUTNORXNpT2JxWk5IY1ZvT1hLSV9qN2lFNEdOY0EtaUJCalVBYzRISDRBOGhGUkFLUF9tM3NlcGUzMmZVaGZ3VmNiblA2bmtFdGxZdXByNFI1T1lqVEZpSF9Uc01FZmhUYjdFQkxoRkttWkV6TERQWkpGTzVRODE5dnAxNlpQLThiM3phaHpYQ3hfRHVaSWJtTnQ1UktGVkt4SGVTTmdaVWNjaWpV?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Faces Global Scrutiny as Governments Ban AI Model Over Security Concerns - PYMNTS.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimgFBVV95cUxNaGNTbU4zRDRPQ1ZsQV96MGJsTHU1bFZxcjlodG5RS0xkQnl1di1tRUlZbVpCcWhpMDhiZDAwd1VfdEdqRV9Nc29ESUNlWUFUTk1OYXA5Q2tVZnUzXzlHVHZpSWQwaU41NjBuN2pnVGV4TEdjcHRPQUlWaUUtRWx1MWcyN1U2LVN6OThsSVUzZlByMENDOUtFTklR?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Faces Global Scrutiny as Governments Ban AI Model Over Security Concerns - PYMNTS.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirwFBVV95cUxOWTRSbnRKZXg3SnpvaWhKd29kNXk1Sm1kU3l2aGNwS1ZTUDBWc05PdG9ZUXVpSHdINllQOUZKTzFxQjkweWVqVmVBcnF1dE80aGJKbVNZM0NLZkpEdTNDRl9zZmlpclNHTUFXNjlQUUhDOTVPSzNJT2pTNk9KSFR1NlQ0OUdFc1p6OFlEY1JsYUVBS3Jwa1JJMGVhLVhsbW5tLUFxcUdvQU1yNVZ3am40?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

New DeepSeek R1 Reasoning Models Beat OpenAI o1 in Math Benchmarks - WinBuzzer
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxQVFUzeGNld25FUlhVc0JVb21yZy0tUUZrd0hwRmNmcnp2WUowVmJCUlNDLS0wczY3b3ZfQWUyWUxCa3cwZmt1THRIVU9TZUVJbE1MckpzVG9RMG1FOTVlbVg2VDBfMDVlQm54UW9xc1Z6a0VFR0FxQUlKMDdYRnVNX2tySHhoWXYzTkYxSHZGVzdPMkljaGZBc0c4aHZRMTNRMHVDalJMQmwyVkU?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Unveils DeepSeek-R1 Which Beats OpenAI-o1 in Reasoning - TechJuice
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikwFBVV95cUxNNFFXN1lsb2ZBeVNZU3FxRW9BeVR5c19aUUl0UldkZEQ1czBMTVk5SUxxblNaSFhFUS04VlhUUGRWUkI2OVVXVERpdFMwRjJRT2cwQnBHbTlnZEZURW5IQkF6LTFmX1paRDJMYl9aRXRxbHpoM05PSjdaZVhfNWVRNnd4WGlKQ0tGZGNHS1UxcGllcFXSAZgBQVVfeXFMTzR0Qm42NThxNHc4ZzFieF9NWVlkbmRLUkphNkZmOGxOTl9Rd3JsZV9xU29tT3ExMFpjMWZtaVBzZkY2bVh6WUdGYXNHSklJV01jeG9OOVpucWpRSndua19UaUEwbkpiZVdGTXZCbDBsUjNQZXhSb2tLZ0dLZWVMMkRxVDZtX0c3c2FfbFNiSjZmdzdRVTI1azk?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek explained: Everything you need to know - TechTarget
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikgFBVV95cUxQdHZzdDRqb1JneGl3QVRuVFlzZzhreGhueXBENm9IYU1LNXRsbWladFFpVndlRVI1dm5kZWEzT3hja3gtVGMwbG1sMHRQMDQ3elhlSVo1cDNDTml1SDRMdktrNVJsdzUwdFdwUFNUSEZfRTlzZC1LNlJrMG53dmxnYmpnejB0ZDVBdG91TVpMaUowZw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Open-source DeepSeek-R1 uses pure reinforcement learning to match OpenAI o1 — at 95% less cost - VentureBeat
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuwFBVV95cUxNakljdWNzUmlZcVdHbW50aHliTHREZ2Jndy1NYWNZdjE1NmN5VGVKRkxkb3ZCVml3cHAzblVNbFFicXV4eEFFRmJiMmx4Um5IbGphV05acGlSS2sxMHFGTHBMYmE2SXo3bDFYeTBTRElwdUVvWnY2Njh5T2tVUTJ3Q2l6ZENXbDUySllGVHhuNC1LLXAwRFd6ak9BZ0QxZVM5RUZ1WHZTeW4xQWwweFdqeDlRS18xRzJZME44?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek open-sources its R1 reasoning model series - SiliconANGLE News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijAFBVV95cUxNSEFBRTVaS1BXYV8yeWk3LWswM2IyNGxkWlVGdzhWRlBTdFFGSmlCc2NaUFhTUGF0Rm9EZndkODFJMjZBUHBxZ3dqa2MyMmNnVDYwTWFaZHVxUkJXT01KZE9TU3poMUl4WjFkQWFsSjRRSTlrMjBuX1ZoMnFBVmNZQXZoOW9FbF9MUVNGSA?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek's new open-source AI model can outperform o1 for a fraction of the cost - ZDNet
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirwFBVV95cUxQR1NRWWlMd3oxei1jd2RkRUlnODZNazVBRzExc3l1M1hWenVGcUdqNWsyZnBBRzdvSi1mdWNReTc2UHpaVzNfZWM4aVI0WWdpVElZYllXUkdDeUZNcUQzdTJJQXp0SzE0TXJHMlV6SmM3RC1vQUprWFRMWm1SNWxFd2QtZlZGY0lzeUh3VjdkQzRrRXI1bjRxbk5kemF6MmljTkx1bHFBeFlYa2RIQndn?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Beijing puts spotlight on China’s new face of AI, DeepSeek’s Liang Wenfeng - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek's latest R1 model matches OpenAI's o1 in reasoning benchmarks - THE DECODER
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinwFBVV95cUxPZjl3SDhzZUtSUnV6THpzaklSWjRhRl9xYlFKZjlDQWtyaHliYXBpU0VZa1hsd1dOdDdBdE1tTnFoWE1HbDhCN1U2UE1pTkV3SThoOFdsVkE1RDhfRmNZdzRsYXNCWnRpT2YtY09ZOHUzS09saDJobnNJWjYwMk4xdFlHbUwwb1pWckx4NVFFdGFYeEZ4LUVwWHFXZS03RE0?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 18:05:32 GMT

China's DeepSeek may have just upended the economics of AI - ForexLive
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinwFBVV95cUxNNGd6bElpZ1k4RkMtLTI1UVM1TmlIcG9tWk5KUk10U2kyOVQxX0tPNUcwZDZZaWx0UzdFU1ZTSHB3MVFMbFkzb2o4aVQyOWpSRTZub2l6cFdNUzZMa3l3SC15YmFaYjRQdlh3RFZtemNUMEc3WllUYmJ0MC1NS1Rmd1U2ai10RFJHS3dMakZ1RGw2Q1VIUU9LNlZfN2VGZkHSAaQBQVVfeXFMUGk4SnF6WTZHeGhEd0dLQVpZLTRVVmRLeEJhekVmR3ItYk1PYkJ0dm1NQjR2M2pSd0MtUllIZjh6LUxQRGhPR3RhcFAyUl9SM0NkSDNoQkMxNE82Z3U2UGhPNUdkekxuRy1xNDNXNm1jeDdEUjc4UVlTZFJfbFIxSG5XTjFfVDdpMFV5ZFltU0pEdEFzZTY3UlgxV0ZrSE9SNm90RkE?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1 vs DeepSeek-R1-Zero - Medium
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilgFBVV95cUxPMWh2TEdoMmc3MEttWHhJdkMtelZUNDVUck1OTEVhcmxlckh1ZHJXamI3eU1WLUxybF9mcjBvRUZneG1UMFN3WTlNUFZ3LWRTV015WjhfbVM0NndzZzk3M2VkVWxtZVhIZ196NlhGeW1COHBPUXpzTGdxbVlJdWFLZlIwOTVTcUZiUHI1cXdMUnhCcDVxMnc?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Crushes OpenAI o1 with an MIT-Licensed Model—Developers Are Losing It - AIM
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiwwFBVV95cUxNemJzQ0M4TXd6ZXZRNENvcC1uZjVZVE82ZzhCUWhMWnZMOWExRDdEUHljZzBKWkVTUE5jWW1NUDZXVHRCV0JYdjNiQTRBQUZVU1VndEFLa2VhQ3FiSEpVendOdHhmT2pTWXdxbTZCMDZHR0xtWWllV200QlNCb2ZCT2xIaS1fMWk0czBMMWVtZkhMZVZLUVZfNXQ5TE0yVzZXZlZlVnAtbnQ5UXE3dHJBZUYzbHFCVFFHZ04wR1p2aGsxY28?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1 reasoning models rival OpenAI in performance - AI News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxOQkNPVERaY2VLaDZnLXo0MzdCbTYzM1FZcDFIaU9iZElXRXV6OEkzcDVWdko5SEdMN2lJTzJQY0dHWVU2WmZ1QU9OMjBzMC1IM05IWjlHVS1FT21DZ09SbmdUZk5obFkzdWlUV055ZUNlNUt5SWowU0ZQU21Da0VsemhLdXYxblJScW9BVjZXRnR2Z3g1Nk5WY1BpWE44eURoc0hPMjhOQ0ZMdw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek R1 is a Fully Open-Source "Reasoning" AI Model - Maginative
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikwFBVV95cUxONEw2Y3ctYzdQUkpkTFpqUFFBcUpjTzRaMjBtTWFvbUNnNE96Q1Yzb3hRSjZDOVYwTHJ1UFd3UmMxZXM3aDBvdlI1SktzcXFqeEdOMW1rOXlrZFNMNWRyUlVEWlpGNmg0WDZPSXo0T0tEcXNzT2xESDNDS3VxNmFhNVFHT0JxaWlIbDF4amJPZGh2cDQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-AI Releases DeepSeek-R1-Zero and DeepSeek-R1: First-Generation Reasoning Models that Incentivize Reasoning Capability in LLMs via Reinforcement Learning - MarkTechPost
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

AMD: DeepSeek Is A Big Deal (NASDAQ:AMD) - Seeking Alpha
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifkFVX3lxTE5fUFFwWEFqbEpHZzRpVTR4RkZvVEFHRVJYeWJ4S0tIYXNWY1pqdUY5b285a2NPQ1FvVG1oU092QjF0V0RWUFlaOWx2UWpadldVUTV0dXlDc3YwOE1jaDRHMExnWHBwWHhjQVFMR3FJREZWZUZxUDRwb3pKX3h6UQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek introduces series of LLMs with high reasoning capabilities - Techzine Europe
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisAFBVV95cUxPblB2Xy0xNkV1eDBCNWZZendJbXZVWHp6NWNFVkpGSVBDa1V2QWJubjB0dmJSTzZmVWJzb2Y2SnRwTDFnY190Y3RRc0FGMlYtbXhqeEp2TDgydlU5WlEwTEd3WmFJUXNob2ItM0lhbVBjTUFRdDVwNmtIdzg3RnJ3NTY1WjMzb0s1R1RsbHFVZVlTVENYR3hmaW9NNUZ6UFM1bXRjZV9NM2FCUFo2RElJNw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1- a local thinking model - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxOTmMzSERNUU92cXFiT1dFbDBSV0JWRW5ReUx2MDFBM0t5NC16aHZqMmRCbEVSY3pSeEVFby1OZWhCM192TXRzckx6OGI0SnliWnpjQ3NaaFF1bDdDc3FSckRlMzZuZDROVUJzWGZDU01hT1RqRFEyZGtkeE9uOEcyeQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Open-Source DeepSeek-R1 challenges OpenAI’s o1 in advanced benchmarks - TestingCatalog
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxNeWx2ZWJWUGo5a09rU2lGaGVDaFY4Z2c1aVFPLVdVZ1BIR0xiVjhFNG1NbnFvbFotUTByRVY4VllaX2VJeDEtMkpHQ3h3MklhdlJMVHYxbzlTU1h3RkEwTldnYmVvQU9ocVktS3p3Qi1EclJEazJuU3laQ2tEa1gtZW5FdVdlaDduVXJNenBzS1dsOVBxM0VhbDhFVjlmMmgzZEE?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s R1: The Dark Horse That’s Making OpenAI and Anthropic Sweat - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxNTXVGNURxcVpxdEJ3ZGFSQV9lNGlwaFJ4Sk9hOFYyWlp4N1RtT0d0QUpCSlIyREx2MmJ6aUN5dGpYRE5QQnRjSGdQMXhtVWJVdXkyQ2VMM0xrMVFqdGpZUk91YlN2aHJNaE5DTmxtcDkxSFdhS1ZVYWRjOEYySGlrSQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Open Source DeepSeek R1 Matches OpenAI O1 Math, Code and Reasoning - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxOUG9HNVMzbm5Dc25HVS01SFU5TXYxTWRRNlN4cFpxY29UWm9LVEhhN3lZMUxndExnZ2pXdzZtWk5wME9Nalg3OE8tWjAtbWlsalFvZXA0clFEZ0NXdTZzYS1xRGlKcE9KYllzWVBsQk4xaXVTejhDakhSSWNmSHVpag?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

The AI Chess Game: How DeepSeek is Changing the Game for Model Makers - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxQUHd6TERwdG5jTDhkMG1EYjdsX1oxaEVXRko1eTd2OEVLYUpEakNuekphcWJ3djZsY2VHR0NRMjFOTnJHWjRxTzJUT0hOdUhONG5MMUpCU0lpbm9nS0VsQi1uQUl4SURVNlpBTzVPRkVjMkJOQVZ1TkY5UUtia3JJbg?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What is DeepSeek? The Chinese AI that lost US stock market $1trillion - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiwAFBVV95cUxOMkxlQlR5eUJPdndEU2REbzZGaUFqOWV6RzhBX3NuVHA2am5xQTU1R2hiaGh0d1ZPeHE0elVNWTN5SXU2c216aUUxNHB2YkRpN3o4X0xEZk1KS2xUUlFORXVxX0FFN05BNUdIUEtOekpORmpUVDFxVkFOV2xjQmU0MDBpdnpVRVVPaGp5djdmVWxDQ1I0dHNvSnpiVzlCWFlqYWQ2djF2anp5eU9NMW02VDFTc0tMbjNnSWZvc01TXzU?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

The Chinese OBLITERATED OpenAI. A side-by-side comparison of DeepSeek R1 vs OpenAI O1 for Finance - DataDrivenInvestor
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi4AFBVV95cUxOVEtYLVhVRWxDMjNyMy1UYVRYbjAwTEhPb2Q3VXp1c2RaVE14anVpSkZOTDZPSTVfQmZnZ1dtMy1zdzFwSzRQS0p6V21rYWZ4S3I0SFFGOW1zOTZIYmllV3M3bmxmUDNOd0FwbVNYLW1XQzVvaUU3RFcwanAzdl9LVUxZRkFSNW1CcTd3cVBYOFRfcEl1LUI0U3ZuX3dQQ0RGRW1SeEt5WmZyckxmZE13SHllMXJkX1ZxNnRMLVIyTnRBcEtaRmVYOTBGMVFCTnlfcGZod1NITGJQcHRYV0RKLQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Everything to know about DeepSeek, the Chinese AI startup disrupting the stock market and app stores - Technext
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMid0FVX3lxTE56RjhTS2dud3NrNTlCVnlkUVZxNUtCb0xtaUZhQ01VRTRKdVhkeWdhTTFnT0V6dk9wRDRta0p6ZlVGTVN1a0hybzZkQThucjBjT0pVMkdCclZqSGc5a2llemdCc1U5eFI1a2EtY181VXlmdFh0QW80?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1, BLOOM and Falcon AI: Exploring lesser-known open source LLMs - Digit
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitAFBVV95cUxOanRRSmVkYW4zQ1NjLTVpV2hKZzFGZ2JJcUl0aVEwc2FEMkQ3dWYyOXdKWnlObG82ckJWMTZzbjY0N2s3eEFqWjJsZUFkcm9uVExyRVpqMjNIdXJfR0ZCUWprNzAycTNGazdfZm0yOHkyNHZOREhUTFhYb0VrSTgtWW5rTERRaTVxVjF0UkY4VEk5WDV4MEMxVU8yOFJubDVfeEs4cTdmTmw3eHVIclFkNXBYSjnSAbsBQVVfeXFMTzJ4OVJVWGFheTVJTEdNNWpwT0V1Q2p6akRBMWkybHZFRlAycVM3UDh0c0c5UGx1bjdEbGVEaHYzZEJHZ2tidE51cU9IZE4zekpidmlTV0VpZTJSeWNpMFBLOTEtak1JOUhub0xPaUJMbWVWVFpMbmt4WWEtMXA4Z3c3U1dNa3hYdUF5SGRlMjlVX295MUs4MGdkX3VFVGZPdUtPUzE4NkVKNkgzTzNTTHF6bmdkWDBPSVNCUQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Bitcoin has ‘nothing to do’ with DeepSeek. Here’s why its price tumbled anyway. - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi5wFBVV95cUxQSnJCVlgtUklDWDRGVkJ1ZFhGLTBoU2tjekNNU2FNWEVZRloxRjVHQWRHWE1vcENWaGtFVXNYLUZ0bGUtNUZWMzhlU05jRWNBVEhPQko1ZHFETGhWbmg2MTVGcC12WEgtZ1ZRSUxFb3E5UTRqNlB6YUx4eEJkdG04a1dVYzJ6Rjk3ZVdjYXpWU0gxVG4xVWlhRDgtY0VHOXhjaC1NV1loRmpCMzNaMXllT1JGOVJVVFVWUmJxbWUtTXVGRVNOclRGNF9mRlI0RFl2US1ZZnoxUlJVZ0NkV0xCeXBnUjhQOG8?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek claims its ‘reasoning model’ outperforms OpenAI’s o1 on key benchmarks - Tech Edition
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxNRDNPSkpyWWJkWU4yaFVGWVFDTG9PY0FLeGxwa0hZc2NkcldrXzNpT0hmY2tVeElGOU1odHFGN2tkQko5dWYwLUxXWnh3RVU4Sl9FbTUweXUwZXVtYmRLbm1HR3l6U0dfRkhtRmFzVkRYajFCcGV0M0poeFlCVW1TeERxQlg0TE1mRlA1MGJocm5MdFpmVXM4RU9MZlA5eEdJakE?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese startup DeepSeek releases OpenAI's o1 AI model and offers 90% cheaper subscription - dev.ua
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiYEFVX3lxTE9LZnZRQ040cGZhcWg2T2VNaFF2Qjltb1pfRDZwVjFIQnEzTFRGbnBSZS1LaHE1blU5eE40eExtZGlISjJpcWpOYTFlWnFDQnU1cWE0TEJla05jSDBJM25LRw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek launched «thinking» AI model R1 — as o1 from OpenAI, but for free - ITC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxNUGMtcTk0cG9MTEFjQWJRVTFmeFR5blRSVjMyc0JTZGhNWUpJUFMwa3duMVY3S2lrNmg0UEVLcE9Ebk82QlZIQmNpbmRCVVFjR0JCMkJrQXhMczVqbzFpZFRnaUJKOHJEbGFzbVNNcW5FNG9TSVd5bGd0T2NES2VoV0VRUURJbzJRYnFCWkEwYnJvbmhmNHl1VNIBngFBVV95cUxQY2tPMVM5NUl3OVA0NnhMY09mRm45V3BsOFhDLW1FOG1ZTnhDaDJSZ1pxcFM3eG5DZ2tpTDlsZmtIN1dEQk1jNmxGcjRqa0QtbnZmcWVHVUdTOWNBYlpEdXRadFlQS05DYmhxb2x3UEtzZHhsY19YajlUWHlGSUNwSHJxYUVRdEdnYXdmQktFY2M0ZkUtSzZ2QTBJS09TQQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Deepseek surpasses ChatGPT to top the AppStore. What are the related AI concept coins?-web3资讯 - odaily.news
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiUEFVX3lxTE1EOHF1bkZWTDdQcUhkVV9hRklad3hUUE5iZ2o5YzByNTBmemhNOVY5Nm1aZ0JadTN1aWxUYnhyY0dwdjhRWHU1TWFleGlmUWJU?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

OpenAI releases 'DeepSeek R1,' an inference model equivalent to o1, under the MIT license, which allows Chinese AI companies to use it commercially and modify it - GIGAZINE（ギガジン）
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMid0FVX3lxTE5ZUmJxQk15VnlBOGZHSjZmblBYbEpIOG5odWFtUHlzQkRldGx1NVhYN21kcGVVcVNtU191RU5JbXd5TUlvMFJmTm0tVC10XzhNbmY5VUw0clJPaFkwVDY1Nmt3eERDbGtRdnowTFlRSVExSmFjckhJ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Nvidia Historic $589 Billion Loss Triggers Market Sell-Off After DeepSeek AI Model Threat - HPBL
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuAFBVV95cUxON2gwOF96azRIVzlYUTNORXNpT2JxWk5IY1ZvT1hLSV9qN2lFNEdOY0EtaUJCalVBYzRISDRBOGhGUkFLUF9tM3NlcGUzMmZVaGZ3VmNiblA2bmtFdGxZdXByNFI1T1lqVEZpSF9Uc01FZmhUYjdFQkxoRkttWkV6TERQWkpGTzVRODE5dnAxNlpQLThiM3phaHpYQ3hfRHVaSWJtTnQ1UktGVkt4SGVTTmdaVWNjaWpV?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How DeepSeek’s AI Model’s Chain-Of-Thought Reasoning Is Eerily Human-Like - OfficeChai
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinwFBVV95cUxOMmtsOE9zaXA1V3BwMjBNUnh1NmFlcnh5S3MwN3FENDlLUUZod1VrYy1ZZ1RuUlVXaEhVcFhfcV9TbEdEZmlMd01FejVOWnloZHJEbXZub3NVNmtRMjhUcVhHRjhpamxIYlNRSGp3S3p5azlPU1pnT2VJWW91ZTl4UXZwa3Q1MXMzUGVicHpJV3ZMeFhtd2h6eTdPYUhYLWM?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1 - New Open Source AI Model with Human-Like Reasoning Performance - Geeky Gadgets
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiZkFVX3lxTE5SMTYtZi1kYURXdkxuaW5JUURQOEoxS0RjRlVwcjBEUnRKbmlNTkJxa3lEMVBnNmd0NkxUS2x3ZHpPbnRESG5hYlYtWTc4S05TS0xWX3JrYllGVWlFbTU2eVAtOXBnZw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese Company DeepSeek Releases R1 Model Comparable To OpenAI's o-1 With 90% Cheaper Costs - OfficeChai
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuAFBVV95cUxQQlJMcm1pN0ZEQmpxc25BeVJZUlJhRUJEaGxWcU9xVVVLbmktLXNZTDh3bVFETllrbVRkRUI0VmgwNXVIVzgyTG5jWDl1M3NQUUpyV05PMmVQMjlZSkhQVjdEWjloZGFjQ1ZVSG51X3B3SzJIZlhmT1VMLXYtVGloUENnMDJCd1pTUy1XdXNBT2x0eUl2YkJfbThwXzJZb05MLU9ZalZ6ZU9lNHpOUEQ5RmFXcHB1ZUJs?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

New DeepSeek R1 Reasoning Models Beat OpenAI o1 in Math Benchmarks - WinBuzzer
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxQVFUzeGNld25FUlhVc0JVb21yZy0tUUZrd0hwRmNmcnp2WUowVmJCUlNDLS0wczY3b3ZfQWUyWUxCa3cwZmt1THRIVU9TZUVJbE1MckpzVG9RMG1FOTVlbVg2VDBfMDVlQm54UW9xc1Z6a0VFR0FxQUlKMDdYRnVNX2tySHhoWXYzTkYxSHZGVzdPMkljaGZBc0c4aHZRMTNRMHVDalJMQmwyVkU?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek R1: Open-source AI from a Chinese startup rivals OpenAI’s top model explained - News9 LIVE
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxQSzFoYU5FaTZQSVBZaVkyVzhHOXpwbmJlTDA4THVSb0czWDh6WU9XaUpMWlliR1JtZHBCWkRSaFZvUUplMGpFaWQ0YzZiM053eXRTSWpQN3Y4ME83bjJ1ODdnMy1CTlZuYVE2UEg5MEFqMnBuMGplSjc2MG8xQlN0TG4tY1JyT3ltdkN5SXJUNHpVTDdIbHJ2QWFTTElQYXZ1VFHSAacBQVVfeXFMTlRNcGpDc1hsZVZ5Snk4ZGhqSjBsREszMGR6Y2VmdHh5ZGQ2WURydFFiaVdkVnRFNmNSSmNucExFWTJkSmhvNVhqNEplWXp5aWFzQnE3OUdEbXdwN1hUQXBpY25wbzJZWWJlTllPcjBfaG0yWUgyZzNGTGQzZkJkc19hWUxuemJqdTNDT29MdUZLWC1jQUNjMTJDWng2VWFua2V6azNYYXM?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Unveils DeepSeek-R1 Which Beats OpenAI-o1 in Reasoning - TechJuice
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikwFBVV95cUxNNFFXN1lsb2ZBeVNZU3FxRW9BeVR5c19aUUl0UldkZEQ1czBMTVk5SUxxblNaSFhFUS04VlhUUGRWUkI2OVVXVERpdFMwRjJRT2cwQnBHbTlnZEZURW5IQkF6LTFmX1paRDJMYl9aRXRxbHpoM05PSjdaZVhfNWVRNnd4WGlKQ0tGZGNHS1UxcGllcFXSAZgBQVVfeXFMTzR0Qm42NThxNHc4ZzFieF9NWVlkbmRLUkphNkZmOGxOTl9Rd3JsZV9xU29tT3ExMFpjMWZtaVBzZkY2bVh6WUdGYXNHSklJV01jeG9OOVpucWpRSndua19UaUEwbkpiZVdGTXZCbDBsUjNQZXhSb2tLZ0dLZWVMMkRxVDZtX0c3c2FfbFNiSjZmdzdRVTI1azk?oc=5
Published: Mon, 20 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1: China’s New AI Model Outperforms OpenAI’s o1 in Reasoning and Coding Tasks - The Vocal News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqAFBVV95cUxQVmtpSTRUTjRpelZmNWs3M3NKeUtIamowM0tla01vbDZITVc0VVRldmVJaFRBTGwtMDZwZWRuOWpybVVJbmpSVXJlV0Q4M2FZcG4yVTdLMS1VQWcwNW9HYWlJbG95TEFjSEtfa3J3WDdWM1NpODdETGp3N3BKeXBoZ1VsZGpUODhLSXlZZkh5ZktrbEdfZG1udUxpN0tNUmdjU0dOOTYxZUnSAa4BQVVfeXFMUDJkbGNIS0pmZnl0cjlkTDNuc05ZcmJRZXVBd0tNWWJPNUZYdHQybGRTUjhiNENnMnJsY3ZaeUhSa1JGN1ZVVENoWTVOc19nRFFHYnpOWmdKaFpwNjdiaEdQQWtBSVdSNExrOVlfZHRlU0RuN014TUlWYlppWjJSd3NZR3RHQi12ZE1PTHQ5RFBSR0UwU01uWmtQNEJEY0VaQWYtNWxDV0g3NE1oQmdR?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI might be smarter than OpenAI's smartest AI, and you can try it out now - Mashable
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiXkFVX3lxTFBhc0tBNkdUbmQwX3lQM1VieVJ1S3UyNTExSjlrN21ydU50TnFYbjJaa3FNcDNqZHJBbzU2bmQwSExob08td1RIWmVJa3hxbGF6X0RqT1dmUl9abmsyd2c?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek: How China’s AI Innovators Are Challenging The Status Quo - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitwFBVV95cUxQWTB6Y09XSENGeXNUYjhXb1F1ZzRSbVhoYmVvQUtvaUF2eXRuQlY4TzNHRTVzN2JoNWFFODZzQ1ltUU9iX29uVXVYcXJWWlIxWTNab2h5UGRwaU5QeVVsYWd0VmN0MEpLNjFScDBKVnZOWWpHd0k3MjREeU1UaG4tcDBaazBDQkd2YkMxU1psZDk4a0lYTHJGeWF3b2gyZHVmUHpWWVRMTldBdDduaFhIYUNaZnhYZDA?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

TikTok owner ByteDance, DeepSeek lead Chinese push in AI reasoning - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMizgFBVV95cUxPQ3hsNWU2YXlwdUZYeVdic19Fejh1dDByeHVkdi1maUhTclJyeDU2ODhJY2lJdVIxNzN2TDBmcUNVd0dHVGJReTBZc3B3MVZMSWEzZnIzYjByY2NKazVEc1hRcHRGdEhiNFVrNnk1ek1WNVdzQTRBa2FKenZycUNqeHg2ekVCTXRpYVFtNVluNW5GU3JUVGxnUWE4Y2I2NHA3OXVZbmVzZ0txTE5RSDg4aXQzMVozTFNFREZ2RzdLMHZMTUFZbmpwaTQ0eVYxZw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek's new open-source AI model can outperform o1 for a fraction of the cost - ZDNet
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirwFBVV95cUxQR1NRWWlMd3oxei1jd2RkRUlnODZNazVBRzExc3l1M1hWenVGcUdqNWsyZnBBRzdvSi1mdWNReTc2UHpaVzNfZWM4aVI0WWdpVElZYllXUkdDeUZNcUQzdTJJQXp0SzE0TXJHMlV6SmM3RC1vQUprWFRMWm1SNWxFd2QtZlZGY0lzeUh3VjdkQzRrRXI1bjRxbk5kemF6MmljTkx1bHFBeFlYa2RIQndn?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Beijing puts spotlight on China’s new face of AI, DeepSeek’s Liang Wenfeng - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

A new, open-source AI model by DeepSeek rivals the best, for 3% of the cost - ByteDance: "Hold my beer!" - DeepSeek releases Janus-Pro 7B AI model + | Page 2 - HardForum
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijAJBVV95cUxOWDBvQXh2REh2NDBTNzAwSVg4dkxTVUZnR3NyZDFSZ0gwMWszNVdBUjFxeGx0NVVlTnl6T245d1pSN0VqTko4anpGSng5ZUQ1bV9SMnVYWmtfbTJsOUJrQ1NpQUh2aVhaUk9VMzROR1ViVjZlQ1dtQWlfZmlUVmtYTlZTTXJkUEpyb0ZhSG80MWlWMjVxTEtIT2QycVkyVERwVU1qdmt1TWxqbVd5cnItQ0VNUms0V1BqanZZUVV5Q0NBSWdVMEdxQ0pTSUlfNnVXbUh3N1h3RHFmRkhaeVhMSHBNd3p3UzRIQVc2UENLUWxMbVJxUjUyTElPXzBzMDVSQVNaeEFqRnRWenZU?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s R1 Model Challenges OpenAI with Superior Performance and Affordability - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi0AFBVV95cUxOSkxuUVdmVEJDMHJhVnVuNzRXdEo3X1d1eFk4YnpGXy1QZVF0aXpNNmRMMmVUZVgzSk45TE5qT1AtTlBoQWdyRDFBbmtTdGxzVzBOTnhubDhtRmxwT2xlc2R3QVQzQzkzbEtrZ2p6VGFCM0gzOUgyLWJYcDljSEFOdnZaS2NtZFFzUGRzQXptaE0za0NxVG5Ec3dFaEg4SUxwVzZPTmFfRU9mSld2VnVTNzY0YVp2UnYwYTFiVmdfTkU0b004SE4xajRYUGJLam1t?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 03:42:07 GMT

China's DeepSeek may have just upended the economics of AI - ForexLive
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinwFBVV95cUxNNGd6bElpZ1k4RkMtLTI1UVM1TmlIcG9tWk5KUk10U2kyOVQxX0tPNUcwZDZZaWx0UzdFU1ZTSHB3MVFMbFkzb2o4aVQyOWpSRTZub2l6cFdNUzZMa3l3SC15YmFaYjRQdlh3RFZtemNUMEc3WllUYmJ0MC1NS1Rmd1U2ai10RFJHS3dMakZ1RGw2Q1VIUU9LNlZfN2VGZkHSAaQBQVVfeXFMUGk4SnF6WTZHeGhEd0dLQVpZLTRVVmRLeEJhekVmR3ItYk1PYkJ0dm1NQjR2M2pSd0MtUllIZjh6LUxQRGhPR3RhcFAyUl9SM0NkSDNoQkMxNE82Z3U2UGhPNUdkekxuRy1xNDNXNm1jeDdEUjc4UVlTZFJfbFIxSG5XTjFfVDdpMFV5ZFltU0pEdEFzZTY3UlgxV0ZrSE9SNm90RkE?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek unveils DeepSeek-R1, a reasoning model that beats OpenAI-o1 - The Indian Express
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek releases open-source reasoning model, DeepSeek-R1, beats OpenAI’s o1 - The Hindu
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi6gFBVV95cUxNLTk3TGhtLUxqWWtESktDN2VMSHVuV3VzSnhfYmtidWRFeDVYM2xqeE4wTFJYdGFiV3BNaDhhdTJ3WVplam8tbE1lWmdUWVA3T0hoMGZNa2dUOUc2V29kbm0yNF9kUGJ5TFpiWjBUVTNPZUZ5MjdteExxU3U3Qi00dVZ6a0dPYnM2ZlFoLTlmNldpOGJFdVQ4aXAtYnhiUkY3TDJtVFIweWM0b3ZtMDJkYUtNNlBMQzZaUUNDXzlnbmxkSWdvcE5tU2E2MERra3YydGVmbXdFbHh6R2E0Z1R6WU1JakhiM0taOFHSAfABQVVfeXFMTWtRMzNDa2N0cXlrTzhxdHppVmhmRlNCNERWSk1xSEdjYW55dC0wUDhzd01Ua2FSNWVFQ3VNVjZrUi1kZVlYbGJsU1BlS2FXelpCMjlCanZOaUNKR2RvdWlIeGVuRUg2cDNqV1Ffa2JEYUhyOFBEQmZFbkZnRldxNEx1SXNldzluOFl2ZVA4cUdkNjFvZGFxRmFNbzhLbHVPakJrZTB2bmMwTHBlNjFGZWVnTHlhLW9Wd19uZjN3Q1BVQzN3bDdMUDdyckRMdkoySHNuRVd5NFRaMl9yMF9JVnpjRWptUnNieThFVDZXel8t?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

ChatGPT vs DeepSeek AI: Aravind Srinivas pledges $1 million to ‘make India great again’ | Mint - Mint
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

AMD: DeepSeek Is A Big Deal (NASDAQ:AMD) - Seeking Alpha
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifkFVX3lxTE5fUFFwWEFqbEpHZzRpVTR4RkZvVEFHRVJYeWJ4S0tIYXNWY1pqdUY5b285a2NPQ1FvVG1oU092QjF0V0RWUFlaOWx2UWpadldVUTV0dXlDc3YwOE1jaDRHMExnWHBwWHhjQVFMR3FJREZWZUZxUDRwb3pKX3h6UQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What Makes DeepSeek So Special? - AIM
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifkFVX3lxTE9nYWNaZ2xpa3VuT20xWW9XZm41V2hzc2ZKdHR3bm9rZ3E5TU9fbTVmTm51cHMwSnZEMENaSmZud1c4UV9RRlJwaDE0UmkzMXBSVE9xdlR3bl9ESTBsS0NkNWl2OXdCbnQ5aElsdjBJemVxSEdOYm1YMlZERkZNZw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek introduces series of LLMs with high reasoning capabilities - Techzine Europe
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisAFBVV95cUxPblB2Xy0xNkV1eDBCNWZZendJbXZVWHp6NWNFVkpGSVBDa1V2QWJubjB0dmJSTzZmVWJzb2Y2SnRwTDFnY190Y3RRc0FGMlYtbXhqeEp2TDgydlU5WlEwTEd3WmFJUXNob2ItM0lhbVBjTUFRdDVwNmtIdzg3RnJ3NTY1WjMzb0s1R1RsbHFVZVlTVENYR3hmaW9NNUZ6UFM1bXRjZV9NM2FCUFo2RElJNw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek is special and is reigniting conversations on Sovereign AI - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxNZndHaGdaX3g1Y3hBTmp2ZXI4cDJBcjhTM2t0RUxvWjVwSlRNUmhoTHRxeTY5UlZlS2t4WVFjWlBnR2lhMThBelJtUEE3TEIya1YwZWs2RTNoSEtKUHRGVnFMT0ZvVnpjSHJsdFhOVURvcXdKTGRWNG5WT1JHcG1hTw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek founder named China’s new AI pioneer - Tech in Asia
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTE5RNi1iam56Y1hIQ3hQVXVvQk9VMmt2cFVId05NUFdsQm1CZzdwZmp2MzVHd0pVbktPSDg0NllxR2JYVFNxNmkyb3IwSVg4QWZLbmZZUzNHZ3pXcVhoblkxVmVnclphN1FlM2J3akpnSnlTTlVTVEZhQm1rVGE?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek R1 now combines real-time web data with advanced reasoning - TestingCatalog
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxPMHBjWlE3LW5NNkF0Z1RHRjF1VXlBalV0dGo0T3BMSWo4M2FPb2pXM2lKRzZTT25tb0E5TE42MWh3UC1lZ28yeloyd1VkMUVsX2ZyQzQzRTVnc2J2WTViUHFNWHptTjhMb09SVDNSMmMybWZOaFJPUWxCdFZyRFRlaUZOeXF5ejdDX3ExeUJOWlZWWjNENm5xaU1zVXZvNzdp?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China is blowing the AI lid off: The DeepSeek R1 model is... - The Stack
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidEFVX3lxTE1fcHVEUGRMSGpKTzBzYldobG5XNmcwSnF0SjBvcGRxZGNyNElJNUhQdGYxYk1DTlZmRGdOcklROFhibmpzR3AtbV9Kcmp0NHpEamNTZThjV2hxRzQzRnVEYjZhNGRmQ0UyQnB0QlptWWswR1BV?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1- a local thinking model - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxOTmMzSERNUU92cXFiT1dFbDBSV0JWRW5ReUx2MDFBM0t5NC16aHZqMmRCbEVSY3pSeEVFby1OZWhCM192TXRzckx6OGI0SnliWnpjQ3NaaFF1bDdDc3FSckRlMzZuZDROVUJzWGZDU01hT1RqRFEyZGtkeE9uOEcyeQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Open-Source DeepSeek-R1 challenges OpenAI’s o1 in advanced benchmarks - TestingCatalog
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxNeWx2ZWJWUGo5a09rU2lGaGVDaFY4Z2c1aVFPLVdVZ1BIR0xiVjhFNG1NbnFvbFotUTByRVY4VllaX2VJeDEtMkpHQ3h3MklhdlJMVHYxbzlTU1h3RkEwTldnYmVvQU9ocVktS3p3Qi1EclJEazJuU3laQ2tEa1gtZW5FdVdlaDduVXJNenBzS1dsOVBxM0VhbDhFVjlmMmgzZEE?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

No more OpenAI and Anthropic: One-Time Setup running DeepSeek R1 Locally - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxPcmtqQ3kxaWlZZDIwXzVuMUJvOXp2ZUUyQ3dzTndQcFY0OGMxVlNNSVlWRGZqR2tXSXhxNHhmMWdDY1VUTGx6YncweERVUE14SWoxQ1IzNUVOQ2d5bGRqNk1OVVNHSWh0SGJJc2JhSGdPQnlyemd3aDF2djZ4OU1vcQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s R1: The Dark Horse That’s Making OpenAI and Anthropic Sweat - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxNTXVGNURxcVpxdEJ3ZGFSQV9lNGlwaFJ4Sk9hOFYyWlp4N1RtT0d0QUpCSlIyREx2MmJ6aUN5dGpYRE5QQnRjSGdQMXhtVWJVdXkyQ2VMM0xrMVFqdGpZUk91YlN2aHJNaE5DTmxtcDkxSFdhS1ZVYWRjOEYySGlrSQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Open Source DeepSeek R1 Matches OpenAI O1 Math, Code and Reasoning - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxOUG9HNVMzbm5Dc25HVS01SFU5TXYxTWRRNlN4cFpxY29UWm9LVEhhN3lZMUxndExnZ2pXdzZtWk5wME9Nalg3OE8tWjAtbWlsalFvZXA0clFEZ0NXdTZzYS1xRGlKcE9KYllzWVBsQk4xaXVTejhDakhSSWNmSHVpag?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Says Its New Reasoning-Focused DeepSeek-R1 AI Model Can Outperform OpenAI’s o1 - Gadgets 360
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipAFBVV95cUxPbm8wZ29WbjBFZTdocWxuZThSMHhrWTY4MGhTMHNBcU12UVNOZ0ZtV3h1b281aHBPbjhiUGpWdC1mVEdyNHhFa0Y4VFFiN0M1dmhjVzFKNzdTbklTSGNTOGxfX2h1VEFFTGYtZnNlNEY5WFFvQ0hGd2lWZjJ4d0xqelVxcDdDUE1xalBCNjRpZWhQSjRIcUF1SS1POVVsVzVuTWlzMtIBqgFBVV95cUxPYllyN2RGRU1kSm5JV3JHelNOdFo1NVp0ZVREYjFMWmUxR2pOdENZUi1Ib0NRZTBFSGQ1OThhZUFpWjFpQ1J4VHVzTXpyTTRIbHY2QmowUm92TXF0ZnhmYzdORnU2ZHB6M3ExR19LZnRUWHQwemNlNlhTU21oUF9VbS1TRkZ2T09TNnF2bmRxdmlBX2hxU0RCOGVueHlZdkxSWU5XdWJkVEFUUQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1, BLOOM and Falcon AI: Exploring lesser-known open source LLMs - Digit
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek claims its ‘reasoning model’ outperforms OpenAI’s o1 on key benchmarks - Tech Edition
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxNRDNPSkpyWWJkWU4yaFVGWVFDTG9PY0FLeGxwa0hZc2NkcldrXzNpT0hmY2tVeElGOU1odHFGN2tkQko5dWYwLUxXWnh3RVU4Sl9FbTUweXUwZXVtYmRLbm1HR3l6U0dfRkhtRmFzVkRYajFCcGV0M0poeFlCVW1TeERxQlg0TE1mRlA1MGJocm5MdFpmVXM4RU9MZlA5eEdJakE?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China’s Open-Source AI Model DeepSeek Grabs Users’ Attention for Censorship Tendencies - MediaNama.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidkFVX3lxTE5uUGVlMWFRWGZuUnJlVHp1Sk1XTUV6bDlqNEE3bUtycF9LSUx1bUo0V0FvUVJLSXhVaVczM1Q4ajNJYVdzSFVMWDNsODRmMEhsSEthNm9lZTJpa2hyQWx3SlZLMFVLN1M3WFhsRFgzV1VYTHk2Ymc?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese startup DeepSeek releases OpenAI's o1 AI model and offers 90% cheaper subscription - dev.ua
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiYEFVX3lxTE9LZnZRQ040cGZhcWg2T2VNaFF2Qjltb1pfRDZwVjFIQnEzTFRGbnBSZS1LaHE1blU5eE40eExtZGlISjJpcWpOYTFlWnFDQnU1cWE0TEJla05jSDBJM25LRw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek launched «thinking» AI model R1 — as o1 from OpenAI, but for free - ITC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxNUGMtcTk0cG9MTEFjQWJRVTFmeFR5blRSVjMyc0JTZGhNWUpJUFMwa3duMVY3S2lrNmg0UEVLcE9Ebk82QlZIQmNpbmRCVVFjR0JCMkJrQXhMczVqbzFpZFRnaUJKOHJEbGFzbVNNcW5FNG9TSVd5bGd0T2NES2VoV0VRUURJbzJRYnFCWkEwYnJvbmhmNHl1VNIBngFBVV95cUxQY2tPMVM5NUl3OVA0NnhMY09mRm45V3BsOFhDLW1FOG1ZTnhDaDJSZ1pxcFM3eG5DZ2tpTDlsZmtIN1dEQk1jNmxGcjRqa0QtbnZmcWVHVUdTOWNBYlpEdXRadFlQS05DYmhxb2x3UEtzZHhsY19YajlUWHlGSUNwSHJxYUVRdEdnYXdmQktFY2M0ZkUtSzZ2QTBJS09TQQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

OpenAI releases 'DeepSeek R1,' an inference model equivalent to o1, under the MIT license, which allows Chinese AI companies to use it commercially and modify it - GIGAZINE（ギガジン）
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMid0FVX3lxTE5ZUmJxQk15VnlBOGZHSjZmblBYbEpIOG5odWFtUHlzQkRldGx1NVhYN21kcGVVcVNtU191RU5JbXd5TUlvMFJmTm0tVC10XzhNbmY5VUw0clJPaFkwVDY1Nmt3eERDbGtRdnowTFlRSVExSmFjckhJ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Nvidia Faces Historic Market Crash as Chinese AI DeepSeek Disrupts Tech Stocks – Market - HPBL
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxPTTBfcUJrN2VqZUhnQzdrdEpWVnEyVHFZaUw5RExXT0d0NFhmUkJwbHpGbDFRa0ZTZm83eXhTUzQ4V0M1OUQ2QlRDeFBpZTlhSm1JQ2JNRVY1UG0xTGJPMU1HRUhJX2J1bWVoT1VGY19fQXJWeFNsbmJGNVB5LVFVa2RaVXkyRFBEcmhUNnFMQjVJeklSazRvUm84eWFpOXl5OXlWeFZOUnl1bjQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1: A New Era in AI Models - Observer Voice
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidkFVX3lxTE12NlBVT0xGRFphX09vZGo3S2t6dm85T2h0SFVkM2FsQXhIbHhZWDFaRmlhUXVKMmxlc01iNGRLWXR2ZlRxWkRtOWlQU3RzOG5KWkdfRXhQazhSdzBfMkpGSjB2S1l1VXBud0Q2NWEwekt6UUF1VXc?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Deepseek-R1 vs ChatGPT-4 : Why Deepseek-R1 is the Future of Affordable AI Innovation - Geeky Gadgets
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiZkFVX3lxTE9VNUlnenkweVU3QUJzVmpaeXluVXlOSWt5VlFpRWd0VFAzQkNjbVNsVXdEM0NNX3JKaFhlaDFncFRCU0Q1cTl1a19OTnROdExOZGpFSHlPc0hjQzdZWEVNWTBONEdBQQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How DeepSeek’s AI Model’s Chain-Of-Thought Reasoning Is Eerily Human-Like - OfficeChai
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinwFBVV95cUxOMmtsOE9zaXA1V3BwMjBNUnh1NmFlcnh5S3MwN3FENDlLUUZod1VrYy1ZZ1RuUlVXaEhVcFhfcV9TbEdEZmlMd01FejVOWnloZHJEbXZub3NVNmtRMjhUcVhHRjhpamxIYlNRSGp3S3p5azlPU1pnT2VJWW91ZTl4UXZwa3Q1MXMzUGVicHpJV3ZMeFhtd2h6eTdPYUhYLWM?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1 - New Open Source AI Model with Human-Like Reasoning Performance - Geeky Gadgets
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiZkFVX3lxTE5SMTYtZi1kYURXdkxuaW5JUURQOEoxS0RjRlVwcjBEUnRKbmlNTkJxa3lEMVBnNmd0NkxUS2x3ZHpPbnRESG5hYlYtWTc4S05TS0xWX3JrYllGVWlFbTU2eVAtOXBnZw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese Company DeepSeek Releases R1 Model Comparable To OpenAI's o-1 With 90% Cheaper Costs - OfficeChai
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuAFBVV95cUxQQlJMcm1pN0ZEQmpxc25BeVJZUlJhRUJEaGxWcU9xVVVLbmktLXNZTDh3bVFETllrbVRkRUI0VmgwNXVIVzgyTG5jWDl1M3NQUUpyV05PMmVQMjlZSkhQVjdEWjloZGFjQ1ZVSG51X3B3SzJIZlhmT1VMLXYtVGloUENnMDJCd1pTUy1XdXNBT2x0eUl2YkJfbThwXzJZb05MLU9ZalZ6ZU9lNHpOUEQ5RmFXcHB1ZUJs?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek R1 LLM Launched by Chinese AI Lab, Outperforms Rivals With Advanced Coding, Math, and General - LatestLY
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek R1: Open-source AI from a Chinese startup rivals OpenAI’s top model explained - News9 LIVE
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxQSzFoYU5FaTZQSVBZaVkyVzhHOXpwbmJlTDA4THVSb0czWDh6WU9XaUpMWlliR1JtZHBCWkRSaFZvUUplMGpFaWQ0YzZiM053eXRTSWpQN3Y4ME83bjJ1ODdnMy1CTlZuYVE2UEg5MEFqMnBuMGplSjc2MG8xQlN0TG4tY1JyT3ltdkN5SXJUNHpVTDdIbHJ2QWFTTElQYXZ1VFHSAacBQVVfeXFMTlRNcGpDc1hsZVZ5Snk4ZGhqSjBsREszMGR6Y2VmdHh5ZGQ2WURydFFiaVdkVnRFNmNSSmNucExFWTJkSmhvNVhqNEplWXp5aWFzQnE3OUdEbXdwN1hUQXBpY25wbzJZWWJlTllPcjBfaG0yWUgyZzNGTGQzZkJkc19hWUxuemJqdTNDT29MdUZLWC1jQUNjMTJDWng2VWFua2V6azNYYXM?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Unveils DeepSeek-R1: Affordable AI Rivals OpenAI’s Best Models - Techstory
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilgFBVV95cUxOYXk3SnU4ai1DbzRHbDZjWXhRcGlrck52VFhUS3Y4OTRkd2dvSm91bWdfRGdOcWotMlFpTXRqbGhBUkcwV3dIOGtYbjFteUhtRkdGS3VEeTZEWVNKeFhFaGZ5VHJwU19UT05pQkpJaEtQUDNJTHJ1a2N3MmtReG80ZHREbU1rc000T1hwUjF5OVFTZ3BadkE?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Technology News | ⚡China's DeepSeek AI Lab Launches New LLM ‘DeepSeek R1’ With Advanced Reasoning; Check Details - LatestLY
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 07:08:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1: China’s New AI Model Outperforms OpenAI’s o1 in Reasoning and Coding Tasks - The Vocal News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqAFBVV95cUxQVmtpSTRUTjRpelZmNWs3M3NKeUtIamowM0tla01vbDZITVc0VVRldmVJaFRBTGwtMDZwZWRuOWpybVVJbmpSVXJlV0Q4M2FZcG4yVTdLMS1VQWcwNW9HYWlJbG95TEFjSEtfa3J3WDdWM1NpODdETGp3N3BKeXBoZ1VsZGpUODhLSXlZZkh5ZktrbEdfZG1udUxpN0tNUmdjU0dOOTYxZUnSAa4BQVVfeXFMUDJkbGNIS0pmZnl0cjlkTDNuc05ZcmJRZXVBd0tNWWJPNUZYdHQybGRTUjhiNENnMnJsY3ZaeUhSa1JGN1ZVVENoWTVOc19nRFFHYnpOWmdKaFpwNjdiaEdQQWtBSVdSNExrOVlfZHRlU0RuN014TUlWYlppWjJSd3NZR3RHQi12ZE1PTHQ5RFBSR0UwU01uWmtQNEJEY0VaQWYtNWxDV0g3NE1oQmdR?oc=5
Published: Tue, 21 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China’s cheap, open AI model DeepSeek thrills scientists - Nature.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiX0FVX3lxTE1nZVBXYjJxdFNtaWFWUHhlOUdrYXIwTVlwMHBUcGRFbUNLLXNlM3dwd2p1MnN5cFBLTXJqbFdYYzF2VHRpTE1kUDRPSmxXWk1KNmNoc2RBWHV1RlNydHNN?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI might be smarter than OpenAI's smartest AI, and you can try it out now - Mashable
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiXkFVX3lxTFBhc0tBNkdUbmQwX3lQM1VieVJ1S3UyNTExSjlrN21ydU50TnFYbjJaa3FNcDNqZHJBbzU2bmQwSExob08td1RIWmVJa3hxbGF6X0RqT1dmUl9abmsyd2c?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why everyone in AI is freaking out about DeepSeek - VentureBeat
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigwFBVV95cUxPZzc2MU1lZ1Q4YzBUcWUtTnJlaFNfYzBxaFFMaUprNmpaM0ZRQ0NoMHZnU3pOTjNwRU1jdDItcWZnX0U3bjVzZWx4TWUtY0xJemxWQWZYTHh2RUFVZ2VtVHBsSDgtb2poWkhvMjY2TzdlcFV3TmZtT051eWZibjA3bFdkQQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek: How China’s AI Innovators Are Challenging The Status Quo - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitwFBVV95cUxQWTB6Y09XSENGeXNUYjhXb1F1ZzRSbVhoYmVvQUtvaUF2eXRuQlY4TzNHRTVzN2JoNWFFODZzQ1ltUU9iX29uVXVYcXJWWlIxWTNab2h5UGRwaU5QeVVsYWd0VmN0MEpLNjFScDBKVnZOWWpHd0k3MjREeU1UaG4tcDBaazBDQkd2YkMxU1psZDk4a0lYTHJGeWF3b2gyZHVmUHpWWVRMTldBdDduaFhIYUNaZnhYZDA?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

TikTok owner ByteDance, DeepSeek lead Chinese push in AI reasoning - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMizgFBVV95cUxPQ3hsNWU2YXlwdUZYeVdic19Fejh1dDByeHVkdi1maUhTclJyeDU2ODhJY2lJdVIxNzN2TDBmcUNVd0dHVGJReTBZc3B3MVZMSWEzZnIzYjByY2NKazVEc1hRcHRGdEhiNFVrNnk1ek1WNVdzQTRBa2FKenZycUNqeHg2ekVCTXRpYVFtNVluNW5GU3JUVGxnUWE4Y2I2NHA3OXVZbmVzZ0txTE5RSDg4aXQzMVozTFNFREZ2RzdLMHZMTUFZbmpwaTQ0eVYxZw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese AI startup DeepSeek unveils open-source model to rival OpenAI o1 - Computerworld
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI might be the best ChatGPT rival – here’s why you should stay away - BGR
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinAFBVV95cUxOdm03ZWRXRFVrWFlwRUMtSVk2cEhydTF4QWJTeEJZbUdTcmdoTWU0YkROQ0tpTEw1RWNnOEhxbEs1WkZuWkFaVmJES0RuZUZfUlpYNk1peUlTMnBpTjBHcTFDWHFTRDNSNG9OdzVpTHowLWdIaFR2NkxpaFFlOXJEMWNNbHpfeUhFa2ZaV09kb0Znbi05bTh0d1Qzcjg?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1 RL model: 95% cost cut vs. OpenAI's o1 - R&D World
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipgFBVV95cUxQQkxlT21mRk1LUEtFc3ZHRmQ2ZUJNd0pWdy1HY2NFTVByRWxBeGhxb2ZXWDdSNUxtYzZ1dWZRdFRPZ290WWktSHlsVTJDc3JjZFk5WW1JdGhPZlRpdDhzRzF4ZnIxSWlNNG5tUjFOWVlSSVByeWpiY09mamFxT0Jzd2s4R3poN2F0eVhxVTR3a0lGZTVLWEpOb21JdWF4am84b0Y1TXlR?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese AI makes a strong showing: Deepseek-r1 outperforms ChatGPT in performance and efficiency - DrivingECO
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxQU2JwSmRfZXUxZGpUalQ0Q3BoWWVDaHJNbHdTMG8wM3VHSW50TU0tSXZFd3pqN2hoem1ZdGI2ZVhBcEFWMXhQbXRrZFJYT1BqMDhpNDdKVXh6eFd0TE0td2RFZ0ZueDBMYTVQVllxelRlMmsxY2d0MFk0X3Nja2FmZ2hQMUh2NS00cERlOTV1anVYZDdVZW9hRg?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

I’m a DeepSeek AI Bro Now - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihgFBVV95cUxQYmwyLWlaUGd6R3pfZExpM0pLMWdXODRiNzdGV3FxeUhjQ1FNX0lmTGtJalVmd2dNUGkwOGdhdmVJbkhCX0gxMkNEMDJrSTVldjJCMkVVYTN5dUhzazZXRV84b1BRQ1RoM3NVTlVDQV9nQ2gxU2gteHMyU21OenlUSi1ab3BsQQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Scale AI CEO says China has quickly caught the U.S. with the DeepSeek open-source model - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxNWGNicU54RkZIX2RUY0Z5aUFJS3lxRjJIYjNST253dTN3SFhwbXZ3UW41MDNlR1VnWXprUGRBbTg4azNsR1pqU0o4Z2xUR29xZHBTbEFIVGhtQS1zalF3aUFaYjhPeW1YZERlMnV0Wklzd2RCWk9rRHhkYWFNNEs3azlrWGRzMU9EaV9WYVJLQllxRG53aGJaZjUyeGVZbzJmT3fSAacBQVVfeXFMTlI0b1FINEcyRTQ4TXhUeW4tbWJXalV4dUExVnZWVlVwMk1CQmY2QjYtcUpfTFNKVkdPbWdSZWRScVpId29LQXEyQWp1cGp2YmFyakhIMF9LMU9aUGwxcm15SV9LQmVrOGtMX2dibUYtV3lHRWVDMXRZMF9LQVJ2YnB3OG1xYTRjLU9Ld3poNEp1djRjMDhYaVlBdTRTWEo5R2NIOEh0MG8?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why DeepSeek may fail the AI Race | by Mehul Gupta | Data Science in your pocket | Jan, 2025 - Medium
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxNWVJKbXB5VHRiVmE5S1BUUjBnNzhlVENkMkFyZnVHc0hTcnY1c2xvZ2diaUhCN2hxMlNROGNqc3E4MlJ2VElydFJIQ2ZWVUhyVzFWbDhxdVMwc09NSklWNC14Mkp0ZjZfcVhZMFA2cjFZcHNyNXU5bnhPT24zT29rWFpDRlB0SVdublBnNlhTRFk0ZGkxQVFqSg?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

A new, open-source AI model by DeepSeek rivals the best, for 3% of the cost - ByteDance: "Hold my beer!" - DeepSeek releases Janus-Pro 7B AI model + | Page 2 - HardForum
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijAJBVV95cUxOWDBvQXh2REh2NDBTNzAwSVg4dkxTVUZnR3NyZDFSZ0gwMWszNVdBUjFxeGx0NVVlTnl6T245d1pSN0VqTko4anpGSng5ZUQ1bV9SMnVYWmtfbTJsOUJrQ1NpQUh2aVhaUk9VMzROR1ViVjZlQ1dtQWlfZmlUVmtYTlZTTXJkUEpyb0ZhSG80MWlWMjVxTEtIT2QycVkyVERwVU1qdmt1TWxqbVd5cnItQ0VNUms0V1BqanZZUVV5Q0NBSWdVMEdxQ0pTSUlfNnVXbUh3N1h3RHFmRkhaeVhMSHBNd3p3UzRIQVc2UENLUWxMbVJxUjUyTElPXzBzMDVSQVNaeEFqRnRWenZU?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek unveils DeepSeek-R1, a reasoning model that beats OpenAI-o1 - The Indian Express
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixwFBVV95cUxOY1IxaUNVeDc0RTBVOFB6dzZiTGZIQ2JsWDBNNWl1dklwWWdob0l6U2llM0ZUcFktUEwxendxeGtSVTZwLVJsMngwRHJCbjVnT1FhRlgxWDI3dDRYVTE4N2R3cmlPN0t0dzV1MUJ6Q3VJM2xneHRzaFc5WHFibzJNRk1iLWpPQnZseDhaOVZLTlBJaEs4REEwV09CUjhHQXdZSWYwVmVnU2dkcHIzUUNid2FDQUpydm5JQ3N5N2w2LVItMzlIVEhz0gHOAUFVX3lxTE1ZcW1LVVMyOUFSaG80ZUhJdE1wcXVTMWY5cUpVY25PbmxobjFSclBYUkdhVlhWSFo5bG16VjJaVGF3VlROUWRJcFhiTEtzZDB5aDd6UXhIeVk5ZklORVZubzVob3hIUVRfTjdBcXFzcXJqejRUc3VRekQtc3poWmxEdWU5a3NBclhtV1NoaTFSc2RqQjVYdnVnUmdEVnJHMjdTOHREOWpqY01GT3pNTXhZZ2hKTTNVVnNGU0xINlVjSEZUSUkyMHN3VUg3SHZn?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek releases open-source reasoning model, DeepSeek-R1, beats OpenAI’s o1 - The Hindu
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

ChatGPT vs DeepSeek AI: Aravind Srinivas pledges $1 million to ‘make India great again’ | Mint - Mint
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Ramifications of China’s DeepSeek Moment, Part 1: AI, Technological Supremacy and National Security - R Street
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixgFBVV95cUxNUURQZml4X3ctV0w0N01PTnl5enItQkpPSllpM1VwRGUtNUFMZWpiMGh6Vk5XLTdYeUJFdlRGQzNPdlZkYzJmVUNiMHE1b3RZNDhDeUcyR0NvWGxlcy1aOEFGN2xUQnpCUlJXOVdTcE1mOERpQjI0Uk9uRVNxbXk1VW01bVZzNm9zVzdUazlqQWMzclY1QVRjZHpXT2Fjdk1qdi1jZmc1MW1HMFJmSC1Ua1ZJZldKSzZJeW5SZk5ORUZOeWkwVmc?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What Makes DeepSeek So Special? - AIM
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifkFVX3lxTE9nYWNaZ2xpa3VuT20xWW9XZm41V2hzc2ZKdHR3bm9rZ3E5TU9fbTVmTm51cHMwSnZEMENaSmZud1c4UV9RRlJwaDE0UmkzMXBSVE9xdlR3bl9ESTBsS0NkNWl2OXdCbnQ5aElsdjBJemVxSEdOYm1YMlZERkZNZw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek is special and is reigniting conversations on Sovereign AI - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxNZndHaGdaX3g1Y3hBTmp2ZXI4cDJBcjhTM2t0RUxvWjVwSlRNUmhoTHRxeTY5UlZlS2t4WVFjWlBnR2lhMThBelJtUEE3TEIya1YwZWs2RTNoSEtKUHRGVnFMT0ZvVnpjSHJsdFhOVURvcXdKTGRWNG5WT1JHcG1hTw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek founder named China’s new AI pioneer - Tech in Asia
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTE5RNi1iam56Y1hIQ3hQVXVvQk9VMmt2cFVId05NUFdsQm1CZzdwZmp2MzVHd0pVbktPSDg0NllxR2JYVFNxNmkyb3IwSVg4QWZLbmZZUzNHZ3pXcVhoblkxVmVnclphN1FlM2J3akpnSnlTTlVTVEZhQm1rVGE?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why DeepSeek Is the Most Important Firm in AI - The Dispatch
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiigFBVV95cUxQRkFHODZNRnQ2RGlQaXFEcmFoaldTOVBMVGhiWHdGV21ZMWllSHZiWXd2UTdWYVpPWm5NU2gwOWloWDRvTTNtdjZjVjFGN3U1NVFNcERBUjQyd3FDbEZCaHUtZUYydjcxWVVsRjFIaU40b3hDcklkQ3NoZkNxelBHNTJmWm94QS12eHc?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek R1 now combines real-time web data with advanced reasoning - TestingCatalog
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxPMHBjWlE3LW5NNkF0Z1RHRjF1VXlBalV0dGo0T3BMSWo4M2FPb2pXM2lKRzZTT25tb0E5TE42MWh3UC1lZ28yeloyd1VkMUVsX2ZyQzQzRTVnc2J2WTViUHFNWHptTjhMb09SVDNSMmMybWZOaFJPUWxCdFZyRFRlaUZOeXF5ejdDX3ExeUJOWlZWWjNENm5xaU1zVXZvNzdp?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China is blowing the AI lid off: The DeepSeek R1 model is... - The Stack
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidEFVX3lxTE1fcHVEUGRMSGpKTzBzYldobG5XNmcwSnF0SjBvcGRxZGNyNElJNUhQdGYxYk1DTlZmRGdOcklROFhibmpzR3AtbV9Kcmp0NHpEamNTZThjV2hxRzQzRnVEYjZhNGRmQ0UyQnB0QlptWWswR1BV?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-V3 shows China's AI getting better — and cheaper - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixgFBVV95cUxQeUhUZlQ1cnRRNXNEZVdWR0hxT0pMOWpPYW9COW8wNW9RRHIxTGpKWVFpZDBOMVpKcFBaZmkyeGJHVG9vWXJSRFVYdXhGbEdUeGFvd3FMWDZsVmU5Ti05SXhZdERNaGx4UW1RRjdFMnNJaTI5LXBDT0M4TE1pemJKQmJwVnVoazJxY2VLR2RxZXZJYXRsVGJNelpWaUh1Ql9sZDdVOXZ2QzVHQ01CV3pLcjd6alRHVnp3ZnlTTWJ5b2JmQ1N3UGc?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 15:58:53 GMT

No more OpenAI and Anthropic: One-Time Setup running DeepSeek R1 Locally - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxPcmtqQ3kxaWlZZDIwXzVuMUJvOXp2ZUUyQ3dzTndQcFY0OGMxVlNNSVlWRGZqR2tXSXhxNHhmMWdDY1VUTGx6YncweERVUE14SWoxQ1IzNUVOQ2d5bGRqNk1OVVNHSWh0SGJJc2JhSGdPQnlyemd3aDF2djZ4OU1vcQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China's DeepSeek just showed every American tech company how quickly it's catching up in AI - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi3wFBVV95cUxPSmdPMEJjM25IdXBLalktTGdCZ0ZMN1VQNGlia3B1WXhnZUV3UzFCbHFCVDQ1eHRmS1ZVYWFTcEswUk1feURIN1lUSEtPdTlWOUNTbE5LMlVXS05wVWV6azZDQzlCZENGVzc1MFd2V0dabmMxYmNKeDFScjJLRnduWEM2R3N5UlpCTVJoTWhVYUpvZWpmTWtJLXFfQXpuVU1vQVdkZ01mQURPOE5XMEpGR2hYWHhReXV1NlFPVTNaUTFzdFRyXzFCdUZ6ek9OTUt6d0V6by1ZLWo5Qmx3T3c4?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 11:10:16 GMT

TikTok owner ByteDance, DeepSeek lead Chinese push in AI reasoning - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuwFBVV95cUxPVVlNSkNKRUFDOFVESDJrbkxSQldJUU5Za0ZBaHJCQjRObjU0UXNjaGVOM1luNEtELTZBSWl5cjhWMXM5T1YxWDAtOWxFNjNVNTJTTklfOVQ1TWpUS2M0c1VlT2V3S0VzX0ZqRFcxbXVWbENWcTdiNUJlQ0NocFZhM0QyYWcwWlpOSldGNUo3ZThFUThOSUlSTjdObTZ2NGh0Qm1zcnpFN3l4ejBQYVhrdGF2azFYWEhhOU1r?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 11:53:34 GMT

DeepSeek Unveils Open-Source AI Model That Challenges Industry Giants - Evrim Ağacı
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipAFBVV95cUxQMkF0ejhNeVd0OUlVRXpQZzRvQVl3NzRid25MaHdmbGtXYmtla3ZJeUticlNYMmgycHFuTjdWRXJpRmpKUm0yVG5QNktVRFhvNlFBNEdzcm92aG1WaGFyVHU1elhmcElpdjlNZW5yQmp0RWhDeDl1Yk0wX3hEam4tTWZLaTVSV1MtRi1XaW1yWFdvaHFMczFDWm8yczNCSUdVcUhrdg?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

ChatGPT vs Deepseek AI: Aravind Srinivas pledges $1 million to ‘make India great again’ - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi0gFBVV95cUxPQmFoT09vTTVjWm8tWGFBMWFMZHpodFlDS21aUUJhTEEzRkVRTGZtbEhDZG41T0xSdHdic0h1X1lSR2VCV1VEYThFd2ZzRDNNeTAtTWg2OUwtakxBaXp1Zy1MMWFqT1dveUN2Sk5ydUdHTG54SEhIQ0dDdm9lelpydXNMRE9rYjlCWTV6WVE3TTdCdUpWcGRXUlpRWGw5VDUyZVZLbGlyTU5vMmdYZ05KRlotOVF0UVpYWlktczl5S0F5QjRwYzhhRENKbVlQdzJ2eVE?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 10:21:46 GMT

DeepSeek Introduces DeepSeek-R1, a Reasoning Model Rivalling OpenAI’s o1 - Elets CIO
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirwFBVV95cUxOdllZd2duLVBYMGNqcXJTOXFMb1RqSnRCMk1EVlFub2Q3SmpYVnRiOGRuSUxLemtYN0ZzQ3RiREkzS0s0eHNfN24zR0RrUmt5cUFlWEhHdHVCUE45LXEyS0NuZzR3Y2JVbFV3bGYwdEpnaFNvaFBCb0xHUFRpTGViSkF4TS1uV290QXoydko0V0hIY3JwckpwcFA2NXA2dVJ0c08zZ2wzSVVxT3BmUWE4?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Says Its New Reasoning-Focused DeepSeek-R1 AI Model Can Outperform OpenAI’s o1 - Gadgets 360
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipAFBVV95cUxPbm8wZ29WbjBFZTdocWxuZThSMHhrWTY4MGhTMHNBcU12UVNOZ0ZtV3h1b281aHBPbjhiUGpWdC1mVEdyNHhFa0Y4VFFiN0M1dmhjVzFKNzdTbklTSGNTOGxfX2h1VEFFTGYtZnNlNEY5WFFvQ0hGd2lWZjJ4d0xqelVxcDdDUE1xalBCNjRpZWhQSjRIcUF1SS1POVVsVzVuTWlzMtIBqgFBVV95cUxPYllyN2RGRU1kSm5JV3JHelNOdFo1NVp0ZVREYjFMWmUxR2pOdENZUi1Ib0NRZTBFSGQ1OThhZUFpWjFpQ1J4VHVzTXpyTTRIbHY2QmowUm92TXF0ZnhmYzdORnU2ZHB6M3ExR19LZnRUWHQwemNlNlhTU21oUF9VbS1TRkZ2T09TNnF2bmRxdmlBX2hxU0RCOGVueHlZdkxSWU5XdWJkVEFUUQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

AI revolution takes center stage as DeepSeek-R1 model demonstrates advanced reasoning capabilities - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxOTmU1OElCdGpteC0zWGt5eVZSdk5GWkRRSGNib0xLN0FBTlpOMHNaWEoyUVZ0ZTNUREI4Smw5MjJMd01FaFZDQzJrLURDR21vN0lQOEJpZGNGWXVOS0gzY3k5VkZubUg2LUFPR1dmSTFfb2dUdmZKRzU5M2tSc0hWNA?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Democratizing AI: Open-Source Models Like DeepSeek-R1 - Analytics Insight
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China’s Open-Source AI Model DeepSeek Grabs Users’ Attention for Censorship Tendencies - MediaNama.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidkFVX3lxTE5uUGVlMWFRWGZuUnJlVHp1Sk1XTUV6bDlqNEE3bUtycF9LSUx1bUo0V0FvUVJLSXhVaVczM1Q4ajNJYVdzSFVMWDNsODRmMEhsSEthNm9lZTJpa2hyQWx3SlZLMFVLN1M3WFhsRFgzV1VYTHk2Ymc?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Nvidia Faces Historic Market Crash as Chinese AI DeepSeek Disrupts Tech Stocks – Market - HPBL
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxPTTBfcUJrN2VqZUhnQzdrdEpWVnEyVHFZaUw5RExXT0d0NFhmUkJwbHpGbDFRa0ZTZm83eXhTUzQ4V0M1OUQ2QlRDeFBpZTlhSm1JQ2JNRVY1UG0xTGJPMU1HRUhJX2J1bWVoT1VGY19fQXJWeFNsbmJGNVB5LVFVa2RaVXkyRFBEcmhUNnFMQjVJeklSazRvUm84eWFpOXl5OXlWeFZOUnl1bjQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

TikTok owner ByteDance, DeepSeek lead Chinese push in AI reasoning - ThePrint
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxNWkp5SEVqYzRuSlQzZnpTQ2hMM2hjdVVzTHdUakVOMWFpNVl5TFpKQ1pjMnljNUJ6dTk0N3VUYWphZW05czMtcmxDYnpoRFBrT1F0X3lxLVdiTWtweng3MG5XbjNYY2NqaU0wWWJ2TnhOR1NfLXVkYk01REYyVDJId0Rmd1Q0Q1JINHRXWHRIenlIR2s1eEQ3M2tkWTlvQUJC0gGmAUFVX3lxTFB0Vm9pTksyVERzaHR3eHFHcFFsUVdManJ6aWFHZlBxWExFRkVnbkpqcUY1eTVNd1V1VmpTYWdZaFNsT0JSRi14blUwNGlRemI4N2hteHctM2FvU3o2Z2Rab0NWUlp0MjY0Y2VqQlR6WHcyLWUwMDJTQjZVcVNNVG11bVJja1NDVGxQX0RyVXhTNlQtLWw1OTJFNXdVMDl3WWxmSlRtTlE?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek R1 : Open Source AI Competing with Big Tech Giants - Geeky Gadgets
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMicEFVX3lxTE5NNW0xeVRYa0syM2xsT2VKZktpWlg2SXZRUzJIamM3RV9JdjRnUmFQM0JubE9sd01fdnRSUXZBTzBST2tRNHZtc3YwLWY2ZU5vTGl0U2xjMXdmT25FRkJwMVUyMVVNT1UwemxGWUc3cTE?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1: A New Era in AI Models - Observer Voice
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidkFVX3lxTE12NlBVT0xGRFphX09vZGo3S2t6dm85T2h0SFVkM2FsQXhIbHhZWDFaRmlhUXVKMmxlc01iNGRLWXR2ZlRxWkRtOWlQU3RzOG5KWkdfRXhQazhSdzBfMkpGSjB2S1l1VXBud0Q2NWEwekt6UUF1VXc?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Deepseek-R1 vs ChatGPT-4 : Why Deepseek-R1 is the Future of Affordable AI Innovation - Geeky Gadgets
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiZkFVX3lxTE9VNUlnenkweVU3QUJzVmpaeXluVXlOSWt5VlFpRWd0VFAzQkNjbVNsVXdEM0NNX3JKaFhlaDFncFRCU0Q1cTl1a19OTnROdExOZGpFSHlPc0hjQzdZWEVNWTBONEdBQQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek R1 LLM Launched by Chinese AI Lab, Outperforms Rivals With Advanced Coding, Math, and General - LatestLY
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Unveils DeepSeek-R1: Affordable AI Rivals OpenAI’s Best Models - Techstory
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilgFBVV95cUxOYXk3SnU4ai1DbzRHbDZjWXhRcGlrck52VFhUS3Y4OTRkd2dvSm91bWdfRGdOcWotMlFpTXRqbGhBUkcwV3dIOGtYbjFteUhtRkdGS3VEeTZEWVNKeFhFaGZ5VHJwU19UT05pQkpJaEtQUDNJTHJ1a2N3MmtReG80ZHREbU1rc000T1hwUjF5OVFTZ3BadkE?oc=5
Published: Wed, 22 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China’s cheap, open AI model DeepSeek thrills scientists - Nature.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiX0FVX3lxTE1nZVBXYjJxdFNtaWFWUHhlOUdrYXIwTVlwMHBUcGRFbUNLLXNlM3dwd2p1MnN5cFBLTXJqbFdYYzF2VHRpTE1kUDRPSmxXWk1KNmNoc2RBWHV1RlNydHNN?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How China’s new AI model DeepSeek is threatening U.S. dominance - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMingFBVV95cUxQOVFSdTdCb2NyWkt0eXpuVGJSMGNEMC1iVWtQZ2hkXzg2cWROYnZaTG93ZzJjUXV3aDJxUDluaG9yYzNsdGZwbk05WnN4eng0bTZfXzVSQ1MzQ2hoMFJjM2g5bHltVkk0X2tuaDY1LS1ldDZwX3JQZk45UXdnejdENFUtRU5rN3dXbE5JaWVXdld4bERqel9CcWVKdTFoUdIBowFBVV95cUxNelNVU1pkUVRtYjlzcGVJTEhyUVhPd3JBRHpLRFhMM1ZGS0NRNFdoWFZKV3BEb2NjTDZ0eHpwX2x1WkFZenZzZ21tU0xYekZLNzByV2RGam4xV19HZ1V5MEYxRXp2UlF6a21IU1d1V0kwZGF3UmlXa3ZpOC1jVWFXOV9nNGtIeHJGZDJJenVNOUFtWDZxWmZZQ3dPVExfd0ZrTlR3?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why everyone in AI is freaking out about DeepSeek - VentureBeat
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigwFBVV95cUxPZzc2MU1lZ1Q4YzBUcWUtTnJlaFNfYzBxaFFMaUprNmpaM0ZRQ0NoMHZnU3pOTjNwRU1jdDItcWZnX0U3bjVzZWx4TWUtY0xJemxWQWZYTHh2RUFVZ2VtVHBsSDgtb2poWkhvMjY2TzdlcFV3TmZtT051eWZibjA3bFdkQQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese AI startup DeepSeek unveils open-source model to rival OpenAI o1 - Computerworld
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI might be the best ChatGPT rival – here’s why you should stay away - BGR
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinAFBVV95cUxOdm03ZWRXRFVrWFlwRUMtSVk2cEhydTF4QWJTeEJZbUdTcmdoTWU0YkROQ0tpTEw1RWNnOEhxbEs1WkZuWkFaVmJES0RuZUZfUlpYNk1peUlTMnBpTjBHcTFDWHFTRDNSNG9OdzVpTHowLWdIaFR2NkxpaFFlOXJEMWNNbHpfeUhFa2ZaV09kb0Znbi05bTh0d1Qzcjg?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1 RL model: 95% cost cut vs. OpenAI's o1 - R&D World
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipgFBVV95cUxQQkxlT21mRk1LUEtFc3ZHRmQ2ZUJNd0pWdy1HY2NFTVByRWxBeGhxb2ZXWDdSNUxtYzZ1dWZRdFRPZ290WWktSHlsVTJDc3JjZFk5WW1JdGhPZlRpdDhzRzF4ZnIxSWlNNG5tUjFOWVlSSVByeWpiY09mamFxT0Jzd2s4R3poN2F0eVhxVTR3a0lGZTVLWEpOb21JdWF4am84b0Y1TXlR?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese AI makes a strong showing: Deepseek-r1 outperforms ChatGPT in performance and efficiency - DrivingECO
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxQU2JwSmRfZXUxZGpUalQ0Q3BoWWVDaHJNbHdTMG8wM3VHSW50TU0tSXZFd3pqN2hoem1ZdGI2ZVhBcEFWMXhQbXRrZFJYT1BqMDhpNDdKVXh6eFd0TE0td2RFZ0ZueDBMYTVQVllxelRlMmsxY2d0MFk0X3Nja2FmZ2hQMUh2NS00cERlOTV1anVYZDdVZW9hRg?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How small Chinese AI start-up DeepSeek shocked Silicon Valley - Financial Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMicEFVX3lxTE40N1pqN200aWtlTGJxRk40N2JoOWV3ZnFoOEcwejQwMTh0YTZKNjJJdElnNF9Db01acm5qZmZ0MHJvRkhYQUNabmZUM2tTai1DWmt6RzR1UWQ0VHpNcGN3TG03UHI2eFZRdjJWZ0Jhd24?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

I’m a DeepSeek AI Bro Now - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihgFBVV95cUxQYmwyLWlaUGd6R3pfZExpM0pLMWdXODRiNzdGV3FxeUhjQ1FNX0lmTGtJalVmd2dNUGkwOGdhdmVJbkhCX0gxMkNEMDJrSTVldjJCMkVVYTN5dUhzazZXRV84b1BRQ1RoM3NVTlVDQV9nQ2gxU2gteHMyU21OenlUSi1ab3BsQQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why DeepSeek may fail the AI Race | by Mehul Gupta | Data Science in your pocket | Jan, 2025 - Medium
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxNWVJKbXB5VHRiVmE5S1BUUjBnNzhlVENkMkFyZnVHc0hTcnY1c2xvZ2diaUhCN2hxMlNROGNqc3E4MlJ2VElydFJIQ2ZWVUhyVzFWbDhxdVMwc09NSklWNC14Mkp0ZjZfcVhZMFA2cjFZcHNyNXU5bnhPT24zT29rWFpDRlB0SVdublBnNlhTRFk0ZGkxQVFqSg?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Tech leaders respond to the rapid rise of DeepSeek - VentureBeat
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihAFBVV95cUxNSzhZbzZhTmViUE8tbHd0MWp5elNxeXVOLW5sNnpaZGFhaFBacU40NG9WTzZYUVhobVdZUlNXUHpwV3EtaGZsQnBVX1FjTUw3UW5CNkNERXZrZ1dtTHQ3MXFFRVNZamxUZWN5aEQxaDZLVGpHb3NURWkwQV9YanZ1Q1RwU0o?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why China's DeepSeek is putting America's AI lead in jeopardy - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipAFBVV95cUxObzZkY2JiM1ZLRzBaUjhxWnhKTHU1MHJ6SXZIZ2ZJWWtTdDlPUTBUa3ByUkxiLTIzRzJRa1N3SGk2TUdoSXk5NWdITkFfQjJ5YjhzNFFuWDljRXRidjJERlBydWZqU0Vzd0c3U2VMek5mMmQ2MWJzSnFsWWRFQWVRRlBMQTA3UWRJenR0QWdCcTVIc01pR1ZFV3JROUYyVXhpZUwyMA?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Scale AI CEO says China has quickly caught the U.S. with the DeepSeek open-source model - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxNWGNicU54RkZIX2RUY0Z5aUFJS3lxRjJIYjNST253dTN3SFhwbXZ3UW41MDNlR1VnWXprUGRBbTg4azNsR1pqU0o4Z2xUR29xZHBTbEFIVGhtQS1zalF3aUFaYjhPeW1YZERlMnV0Wklzd2RCWk9rRHhkYWFNNEs3azlrWGRzMU9EaV9WYVJLQllxRG53aGJaZjUyeGVZbzJmT3fSAacBQVVfeXFMTlI0b1FINEcyRTQ4TXhUeW4tbWJXalV4dUExVnZWVlVwMk1CQmY2QjYtcUpfTFNKVkdPbWdSZWRScVpId29LQXEyQWp1cGp2YmFyakhIMF9LMU9aUGwxcm15SV9LQmVrOGtMX2dibUYtV3lHRWVDMXRZMF9LQVJ2YnB3OG1xYTRjLU9Ld3poNEp1djRjMDhYaVlBdTRTWEo5R2NIOEh0MG8?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek - Britannica
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiU0FVX3lxTFB2dlJ2WUEwRTVzWEpRZGFWVVhNejd5bEV6V3Rsc25NWFVjMU9rVWl1cGoxWlVPbVpPbDQ3Zl8tMTZ6TUVXOFo3a2ZiVWxtRVdoZkRr?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

New Frontiers in Customer Experience? DeepSeek-R1 and Titans | - Opus Research
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinAFBVV95cUxOYUl0dHd5NzlfRkl4U2dtejI0bkgwY3JmR1ZTNGppUmRXMG1jRVpfdGJIRmd4OTlZYnBRaVllbmw3Z0VGcmxmdXlQbU54YmR1U0hnb2hYVm9SMllfVTJhb2tmYllxeTBuZVVqTzVYNVBtaGJJb3JWZzFKMzgzY3h1R0xGZEdXXzJKNXVFYVJKbWFmUmkxRzh2dFA0WTA?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Ramifications of China’s DeepSeek Moment, Part 1: AI, Technological Supremacy and National Security - R Street
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixgFBVV95cUxNUURQZml4X3ctV0w0N01PTnl5enItQkpPSllpM1VwRGUtNUFMZWpiMGh6Vk5XLTdYeUJFdlRGQzNPdlZkYzJmVUNiMHE1b3RZNDhDeUcyR0NvWGxlcy1aOEFGN2xUQnpCUlJXOVdTcE1mOERpQjI0Uk9uRVNxbXk1VW01bVZzNm9zVzdUazlqQWMzclY1QVRjZHpXT2Fjdk1qdi1jZmc1MW1HMFJmSC1Ua1ZJZldKSzZJeW5SZk5ORUZOeWkwVmc?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Deepseek, China’s New AI Challenge - American Enterprise Institute
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMib0FVX3lxTE95Z01FMUFFQlJmMFNKa1l5NHRINE5JN18zbk1IcTlVWG9PYmRpZ2hNdXZsOG04cVBiR25qVjdUSWhDeGF4RWUwVGZyZS1ReU1DbktndXViZWtxcHZXMzZzU2tjMDRERWVURkluaXVhaw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why DeepSeek Is the Most Important Firm in AI - The Dispatch
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiigFBVV95cUxQRkFHODZNRnQ2RGlQaXFEcmFoaldTOVBMVGhiWHdGV21ZMWllSHZiWXd2UTdWYVpPWm5NU2gwOWloWDRvTTNtdjZjVjFGN3U1NVFNcERBUjQyd3FDbEZCaHUtZUYydjcxWVVsRjFIaU40b3hDcklkQ3NoZkNxelBHNTJmWm94QS12eHc?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek and China's AI development - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxNUWVxRGJkeG9kM2Nab0NTNUlRcFp0Ql9fY2J3RFVPZVAxU0ZyS2RwU21teVhsMXM2RXJrc3hxZG5ET0hsRldrMUJ4NWIzbllHUGZid0hPemNpUkJ4RHBHdW4yN2tRZ0lkQ3FWZzI0ZmszYkJsSzhMZTdHWTdsSGVReg?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek R1 Paper Breakdown: The Self-Taught Prodigy - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxPM1lUU2piYVRMOHZvVXd2REVzNEhTcm1ibnlnTEUxQ1FmRGZYUldYVjNIUU9MUWNZRmVxN1VEbWpzRDJneFd4ZXBXWmd1dHJTM2ZCVndfZkRkSXdsU0twUTlpTlVMMzJEejh1TzFPT1h3a2xLMmJFaFhVZ2JfalZCaA?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Have the Chinese overtaken OpenAI? An overview on DeepSeek's R-1 - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxPMk1oT2lxVkxVSUo2R0JNeklXZklFU0N3QkFKekF3VUprMlBiRkdMclNiR2RkM2NtQmlVMy1VRDhsMGd0bEN4WGxMMk54MnhCWDgwZWp6TS16amJMS0cxYUlMYVBjWFFTUDd5UTNuaGx6T2d4ellxRy1HZ2VEZWQ0ZA?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chat with DeepSeek about Impacts on US Venture Capital - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxPOVpzekVfTk5FT0x1SWh2b0JENkFOMnllN1Qtejl3TlY3cmZpVnRTMVhmNnFld1prMnRvR0U0YmFCaEVkTkk0T004Nkc1SWxiZ2lzQVpMdWoyYTlNSW5WcW5GTEhOTk5GMFVNMm1sUXM0Z0lDR0JsVXF0LVNDSTNSWA?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

"OGOpenAI.com" Redirects to Chinese AI Lab, DeepSeek - AutoGPT
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiekFVX3lxTE1hNy1wWFdwQk5GWlNVbTM0UVdNd21RWW9kQUIzek9YeXMwcDE1Z25qTUtZaTM2a2JsYk01M3MwdFFrSkVCdjF3eldpOFd4T0p4akkzVmlDRmsyR2E1THA2Nlo1SEd2d01mNC05aWI4ZDJKZkdrcjZPeDdR?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 16:02:34 GMT

Inside DeepSeek's AI breakthrough - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxQamlLZS0xN2UtMmlpT0J3UUNwTXF6M244SUw1THBGMHE0UWgxTlJYOXR3ZjQ4eVdhN0IxdXpVaUtKdE8wR3JTM3B0RkxRVERDcHJ3YU1XcS02RmtkUEEyLWlzLWxWeER4Vng5dENKRGY1X1B5NXYtZmdObURoZ1MyTXRxczZESXQ1aVFF?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Inside DeepSeek's AI breakthrough - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirgFBVV95cUxOVFRxb0xzLUxiLXg5YWhKdXN0NHQ1M3ljQldQeWw0Q1ZFRmV5Sk1PYmhSZzI5QkFzSEx4ZWNVbUt2TGNYZUtNQ25zUHp3MFpCZnBqWDZsUFkzUTJMbmtKQno1ZG9RVFJCVE5OQlFxMGZITDA2WjliYktBYWxCei1LYWs3UjVxVkxRclJVVUpsVlU3YlhrTlJjakRpbVhHT3JWUFVCbG5WZ1hTQ0lrQ0E?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Microsoft Looks Into DeepSeek Affiliation for Potential Violations of OpenAI Data Policies - CoinMarketCap
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMizAFBVV95cUxQSUhDTmFzSm56VGdGX1lRMUVxS2llbS1feGUzb0lnZHktaFdXb3NtUElfb3FubFlIRmN5WG1OMEkzUGdCSnlCZElGUFJHUWZaaUJxWDdBbjV4c3VGNkl6Wjczekg5aHZDcEpkZjVsNUdMd2lnQzN1T3pCWkRzR0tVQVpDUkhsZUhzMlpHbEd0RVJpMjRTcFBRM2xJSDdBNnVEWWRJQnNfTDM5dURocmdjWDBFV3RVeFpEUGZqakRsMnNSY0UxTW5DaWtKa0U?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

The DeepSeek effect: Why China's ability to sneak past US barriers should be a wake up call for Indian IT - The Economic Times
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s frugal model shows a more profitable, market-rewarding GenAIsolution than Tech-Bro AI - The Economic Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi_wFBVV95cUxOa29wbDkwZV84X0EzamwzNEgxdEU2eU04aEIxSzFPVUZXZTM0ajRIcy1tU1U5ZTl1Q21QN211UjhWWDgwY0xoNVcxbi1CdDltdzF3VlF1WDJXR3lUcUpqbEZrWUQ2ajgxT2hCQkZhYXFLcG1sdjI0N3lGaTg3N20xS1pwZTZ0Tmt0S0YxeVRIYVdxWTZQYWg0eVBodHVfdndwa2NoYUpMMVRqZF8wU2dwUjNDc3Jna1E2VDVSZnJDVjRrZzF4dUFEVThYeEtPZkV3dWVIRkMyNEdBTTVNdlZZaEZ3REVrRmhqbWhtSVg0R012TE5TMG5odUFHWHFvYmfSAYQCQVVfeXFMT05pYzVLWk1hdVpITWtwSDdrSk1mUVh0blM2WWVuNUhlREJiQzg5Zmd3UWJCNUxicXR5Y0dzUWxYRWhTNUgtZ01Ud0lxZzdIR083M1pJRzBzX1BHSXZBNXk4aTI2dmxlRVd4ZVZSMkhZUlQ0dUFSallBWC0wd0psaXlCamNWZFJJNFNVX0pHVlZvWC1VeFRqTjh3SGE0UW9mMWUwb0MxbjBOVWE2aWtoVkJUTUd0d2p0Z3FhQ3VQNTFZTnoxa3pUNjJXOXdCUUx1ZTkxVTdHTjBHa2x5NDRrR0VsWl9FRHI4OWhFMWEtY2NtZHRZQ1liN2FuQ3ZqLWpOU0IxZUw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese AI Startup Upsets U.S. Dominance With DeepSeek Models - Evrim Ağacı
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxQNGMtT1BpY2dfRXkxS2taX3kyT3REUkNBSW9SbUNmdVRwSmtFeVYzeXh0dnpMOFVJVTFPNndmakJkeFNCWDFYWEw1bUxuM1ZmZHNNMExKejNSZ3Bkem5pdWpYMXJEVmNCNDY0T0toejY4WXYtRmk2Zm9wTzgyVGFTaUc0ajBZdFBSX3I4WTlrTVlnUVpzU0lYeA?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Don't whip self over DeepSeek - The Economic Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipwFBVV95cUxNOEJGX2x3Tm14T2dGc1k2bGNXVHY2SUM3SHBzdlZtOXhkMXFubDlRcDE1aTUwNTR3QXpGRTU2eTREdl9hZ1g1YnQ1ekdhTGswNmZob01fdGt4ZGRFbDVqLXBuWElOR1RTSEpScFNDaXh5cWoyaXlhT1FKbXcyOWhhTzdjMzJmTDRkejg2Zkd2ZW82WnJJZTlOS2FBNEhIdTl2bmJMaDRlZ9IBrAFBVV95cUxNdm1TcTRYV1Q2Yl9QMC05Q2J4Y1ROZjc1bW5ZblFjM3dNOVRtTUdpQVhfOE5zUktWYk9JTk9lQlFMektaaWtxSk55LV9tY0tjanp2eGlHNEhfUkVlZ2NYSURIWEkwTy1Yd2dEam9TcERDck9tcW5RS1F0YkJsNXl3UnNBT1ZCaFpQcHREOEMtbk16NE5NUXFIX19TaDN3VU1JeXRQSVFBNzhUdWRh?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Meta plans to spend $65 billion on AI investments, amid DeepSeek superiority claims - Neowin
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirwFBVV95cUxOaWhsalhna3ZyMHNGOHFXVU9mbTFZVTBNVjN4UUYyZV9hdTYwcndfOWdicFgzOURKbFhWTlM5eEs5SU9HU1JibWJ5cVpsYzdwdEVYYk52RjhpSmRGZEVhaVhlMTFLZ3N3a2R2ZE0wUDY5eUFlNFdULXJiZVFhMHNWby0xaVNwTFNyRGlQVjVNSWp0TUhCTXM2bl9VLWFhZnl4d2d6TFhlN1JPVERYQXZj0gGuAUFVX3lxTFBxdTJ5RTUtRi0zNkVRVWtkQXEzby1OcXpkUTBnUzY0UkFHX1RqRFVSMHNaUEppcFFsYk9GNzF5dWRXcl9Jdm9oaTBselFBd0F5YzZSTExjeUhRQXhERnZhdXlTT1VLR3dkdlhJc2xNaEhxb3ozY3RkSkZmOEVxY1VWTEJnYmwyUXk3WFpkZURjR0VhckZDTzlYNUpJbFYxaEFtcU9rT1pzS25aeVpXZw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How India can leapfrog AI innovation & what DeepSeek’s success can teach us - The Economic Times
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Introduces DeepSeek-R1, a Reasoning Model Rivalling OpenAI’s o1 - Elets CIO
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirwFBVV95cUxOdllZd2duLVBYMGNqcXJTOXFMb1RqSnRCMk1EVlFub2Q3SmpYVnRiOGRuSUxLemtYN0ZzQ3RiREkzS0s0eHNfN24zR0RrUmt5cUFlWEhHdHVCUE45LXEyS0NuZzR3Y2JVbFV3bGYwdEpnaFNvaFBCb0xHUFRpTGViSkF4TS1uV290QXoydko0V0hIY3JwckpwcFA2NXA2dVJ0c08zZ2wzSVVxT3BmUWE4?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Week in Solana: DeepSeek, CNY and FOMC Trigger SOL Sell-Off - CoinMarketCap
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxPbWdaWk9JcmJMT2psUkhhWW11S0ZTeWRIYmVwTXdTNU1DNVZJUXJvODZsVnpSZE9xWHZLVGZMOHhHdzNNOEdnY1RoVmpPT1d2aG1TZkplLUNqeHNSRElJZGlKR0RGVG1RX1RmUEpYRGo1TnhMSC11cnhDeDNfMzdNSllacXZMR053WlJoWk9HVDBndkh5VU9ydDNDUmtsS0Fy?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How Chinese AI startup DeepSeek is competing with Silicon Valley giants - The Star Online
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiwgFBVV95cUxPN29TVUZpSjNQSDVRWGFFNy0tbE9kVE5NSFZpZnpyTGlIOVdmT3ppTXF2aThxbTJOTTRzR1F3WGpmSmlIMWI0WGVpMEtiSW4ycUd0RXo1bEh2UzNpZVZHZXpmNXFMMmRkYjVSVWVTSHFCR3VNSzE0TGJIYWtPWUZnM2g4RGFKb1F4Y3Q5NzB6Q3FiRFItbExBMDR1cng1SVJxNUFEZE9JYXRZWkU3NEpVbVkxTXhWa3Z5c2dKVTJiVlFHZw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

AI revolution takes center stage as DeepSeek-R1 model demonstrates advanced reasoning capabilities - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxOTmU1OElCdGpteC0zWGt5eVZSdk5GWkRRSGNib0xLN0FBTlpOMHNaWEoyUVZ0ZTNUREI4Smw5MjJMd01FaFZDQzJrLURDR21vN0lQOEJpZGNGWXVOS0gzY3k5VkZubUg2LUFPR1dmSTFfb2dUdmZKRzU5M2tSc0hWNA?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Nvidia, Softbank among AI stocks fall sharply as Chinese AI firm launches DeepSeek LLM - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi0wFBVV95cUxPRGR3ZjhqMjJrdzcxMk8td3Yxd2xfLWF2ZkZJeTUtamZNb3BRRmNCYk5abmhOQVdpTDU3WkJCbjJkUG5tLUpsX2FBaTlCcy1QYi12NThkQ0g0cVE0Nko4TUF1WE42UWl5NkZzTHROUDVoNFRBZGJ4UnFGUno1OFFHazVwUEJONzl0SzVmOXVCM3dwQWh6MzBtT1lXYVRocDlhWEwzQ3YwUTdkTm9iWXd3Z3QyOEk4N0ZmczlWZzVHa3gyaEp4RW1OWUdWdXJPNzlPMWE0?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Democratizing AI: Open-Source Models Like DeepSeek-R1 - Analytics Insight
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirgFBVV95cUxNaEtOQUl5MHI2M2pINDg4M09iSVNmbGh6QnpHQUx5ZUxHWjJxY0ZkWGJfVm8xeE13RjJWb3JYb1lqa0hmQzFnRThlN2o3dnJYSHRFY0V2al9xX0xEcUxuOGRSckxZbmJSNTZmNXJrNklWTDg3YTNxX0p5d1lEcExCQ2V0UTdQRWJ1cWtzbFhyc0p2MjQwVFpFQWVXeUFSZU9OX0tEMXByQVBtOWhfcnfSAbsBQVVfeXFMTnBfZ211M3lMbjlDallyVEpVekFXN0lNcmYyVGE2b1VGV2p2YTFUeHU0QmNQYVVVckdXZGpncWRtTlVsLTRTWHNIdWdyN2k3VmlRclNSWUo3VTNMckZXME95SVAtUnhVb21TRzBWTU9nSEt2c3BqN001VmJTLWVmTkltdkF6UzVJSHU5QV9tbzFsaHhkVGFYZ3E5RlQ0MkhOTG5KWVNGUXZsaE5LTm9XNERlZG9NTWpDZlV3OA?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek R1 Is Giving OpenAI ChatGPT o1 a Run for Its Money - Smartprix
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilwFBVV95cUxNb2FBYXFXMXJqUWIzYlFEa0xWbl9TVHRuV1JxdHpsazhNVllKWXVXM2hQUnJHZHJxM29LYlQ1TC1uYnVoOFhjbU5XeGVyOHpCTHFHZk5TZjFqb3NUdFZ6allOaVE3dVUzZG5CLTlKRGZ5VUF3enFRQVQyRmlXdWNQSVlsTmo3c0lhSUxiNmNnZUdWMlBPUy04?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek - Know Your Meme
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiWEFVX3lxTFBRQVFmQm1UaktsMHRZbFR1QVpJWXN3OF80eF95QUVSN09vMkZCX3EyZlQyNW9sSTlMQVBhOXVBd2VUeW9NQ1ZLb0cwT3ZLV08tSFJ5V2tYT3E?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek R1 : Open Source AI Competing with Big Tech Giants - Geeky Gadgets
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMicEFVX3lxTE5NNW0xeVRYa0syM2xsT2VKZktpWlg2SXZRUzJIamM3RV9JdjRnUmFQM0JubE9sd01fdnRSUXZBTzBST2tRNHZtc3YwLWY2ZU5vTGl0U2xjMXdmT25FRkJwMVUyMVVNT1UwemxGWUc3cTE?oc=5
Published: Thu, 23 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China’s DeepSeek R1 Reasoning Model and OpenAI o1 Contender is Heavily Censored - WinBuzzer
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuwFBVV95cUxNQUhjUmxESVdsWlVmWGppSjE5Z2Y3OHloeXdfTHB1eVVVOWUwb2E5aW16U1VsVTBoLTFESnVVekFaWnkxSERNdEdPNzg0cnV4TXNlNUdzYTJKaTJrRmhPcERVMDFQUlk0UEdKS2NpdFJpalExMW1WZVU1SXpXYmg1Y2o4OVg2dV9JTDlvRXNxaTZnYURPcWFSVkNZcGN4OVdXcUNiVTdjY1IwTjM0anZvU2VuR1RIOW12T0pv?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China's DeepSeek Bombshell Rocks Trump's $500B AI Boondoggle - Lew Rockwell
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipwFBVV95cUxQZDlHV1JWYm1lcTYyQ1lVUzQzWFpudGQ4QUN1QXN2STBGVGxGbzFhWVBtaTFaajNCZmEyMUtDSXBzMGtUeHpyWUlxR3hCbGlXNzlTRVE0MWtNeEFQdXhZUkRpbDBXZmdzcXFIZDZGV0Y2bkNPM01XSWVmajA2VjNQdi1maC1FX21SZDhKd190SWgweFk3M3dQdXhKZUFvSWoxcVd5dHZrbw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How Chinese AI Startup DeepSeek Made a Model that Rivals OpenAI - WIRED
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiYkFVX3lxTE9KdENSTTNfNzF1OU0xaXY5U1hhcTJqcmlPYUViZGlNV3E3TVJ6bXVqQW8yWG14TVZWaTVIM0FSV3BxdTAtWjA5U2JpNzRFQ0p5a3FPd1F4a0ZxUWpPQzN1aW5R?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How China’s new AI model DeepSeek is threatening U.S. dominance - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMingFBVV95cUxQOVFSdTdCb2NyWkt0eXpuVGJSMGNEMC1iVWtQZ2hkXzg2cWROYnZaTG93ZzJjUXV3aDJxUDluaG9yYzNsdGZwbk05WnN4eng0bTZfXzVSQ1MzQ2hoMFJjM2g5bHltVkk0X2tuaDY1LS1ldDZwX3JQZk45UXdnejdENFUtRU5rN3dXbE5JaWVXdld4bERqel9CcWVKdTFoUdIBowFBVV95cUxNelNVU1pkUVRtYjlzcGVJTEhyUVhPd3JBRHpLRFhMM1ZGS0NRNFdoWFZKV3BEb2NjTDZ0eHpwX2x1WkFZenZzZ21tU0xYekZLNzByV2RGam4xV19HZ1V5MEYxRXp2UlF6a21IU1d1V0kwZGF3UmlXa3ZpOC1jVWFXOV9nNGtIeHJGZDJJenVNOUFtWDZxWmZZQ3dPVExfd0ZrTlR3?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1’s bold bet on reinforcement learning: How it outpaced OpenAI at 3% of the cost - VentureBeat
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitgFBVV95cUxOd01CeFNCOUMzaXhCWU5SbXNmdnZ3M1JYbkt6cnVjcEQ4MVg0Vm94UUU2MUZPaDNQMmhvRmtxY0xQNnZQVWtSczdJM3R3NDU3bU84cnNDV3ZTLXFFX2VTWjJHRTVKclpUSlZfX0lhQmFJMlh6WFRLR2V3blhpcTJZX0d5X2xhRlUwbEhqY1pzMEdLT1hka0pDZ3hpbkkyb1B2NEZMTHJ2N09tMlIzdWFiRTIzZDlvUQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Meta's chief AI scientist says DeepSeek's success shows that 'open source models are surpassing proprietary ones' - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijgFBVV95cUxNVEhvRFNjYk9pbENZMHEzaEdFaHRaVW9wZ2xSVnd1dEdWSXo2bjIwbWQ2RmpUWHpWNXB0VVNOQnNKaWNlc2pPNXZuOXc5MWRIRlV1MFY4dXU2YmNPRS05dVNKYm9zT3lEbFlycXdmVGtGVTBsdWdFU2RIaTFuZnpZdno3X19ZeGREcHdYS1RB?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese tech start-up DeepSeek unnerves US with low-costs AI model on par with OpenAI's o1 - Global Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiYkFVX3lxTE1leWlDSGlDdkE3NTVrVDUwaWtLYlBPSERQWWZuVnpkelJLTEttT2tNcFo0dlIwR3F1WVBYazJ5ZVo1MXE1aDFvaWNxVG5YLTA1ZUd2YTFvb0VSa3ZTbExPY0pB?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese AI Lab DeepSeek Has 50,000 NVIDIA H100 AI GPUs, Says AI CEO - Wccftech
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikAFBVV95cUxQU2M5SEpLYmU3MlVvbXBIM1RjRHljVXVGS1ZIZ3NYN2JfcDJXTjVaQjA5bnpzUlQ1YWhXS29QU3NpWlp6TnBLX0hLckJ2SnREbXZDSTkyT1Y2S0MzeFJpdzBzRDVJbFBLcVN4SVJ0MzRqSVlGVllEZGk0Vzg0UGp3RVJaaGFabEM1VmJmaXRqTG_SAZYBQVVfeXFMTU5uNEh3U0c5SE53S2RjUXZqeXhsbXBZZ2tITlNtbHhMNFloSXpJd0xrOVpaQWJLX0JOZ201TGZrZTR1QkU3Um5kLTFQakFkZHNubmpMdGcwc3ZqLUNYVk5VLUF2LXYtT2NOQjJ0Nnd4bnRqNi02S19IVHBoVEVqSDg5Y2M2VGVQMzZuUDlTamRsajVUcF9n?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How small Chinese AI start-up DeepSeek shocked Silicon Valley - Financial Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMicEFVX3lxTE40N1pqN200aWtlTGJxRk40N2JoOWV3ZnFoOEcwejQwMTh0YTZKNjJJdElnNF9Db01acm5qZmZ0MHJvRkhYQUNabmZUM2tTai1DWmt6RzR1UWQ0VHpNcGN3TG03UHI2eFZRdjJWZ0Jhd24?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1 vs. OpenAI’s o1: A New Step in Open Source and Proprietary Models - MarkTechPost
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese Open-Source AI DeepSeek R1 Matches OpenAI's o1 at 98% Lower Cost - Decrypt
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiekFVX3lxTE1HbU5lb19qVnFjU2xnYXBlbGJVNXNtOHJSejAwRmtJRjRGamR4dUFfYjN4ZW5LTFdockRiWTk4ZzRKQnFVTnlsVFpPSUlTeTB4djA5NUlad2R2QjgxdDQzQnMzTkpQNUMyNzhWdjVvWVNHdzdrRjFjZzRR?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

The Chinese AI model DeepSeek-R1 is as good as OpenAI o1 if you don’t ask it about Tiananmen Square - Mezha.Media
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 15:34:49 GMT

Will Chinese DeepSeek Disrupt NVIDIA? - ForexLive
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigwFBVV95cUxOVTZpZlY3MDBxX0YzblNETC1RS2ZNVzJHcTdhVkRmbVRzOTZUZzhFRWYxc3cyNS1UaHVfUWxXQ1UyQXptRXlLZUdHR1NYNVRTNmJsdnpFaDJhdjdUTG1LU3N1VEFvamhnVllDMVJjRnBKdWZMWUd4N0d6czlYaUw2bUNVd9IBiAFBVV95cUxORWREVlBkU3ZrU0xhc1lia1Q2SzZZaHRCSHB4alFJQkQzUlUxZ3ZQZjNLVkcwMkkwOEp4bWIwOTdtMUd5cENnMUFvUHhsUXlkT1NoS19xRTN2TUR5ZV91dktFSEFqS1VWYkctZ0tieFdSMmpXSFZyc0tRR3hhakRXa1NnZ2M1S0p2?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese AI firm DeepSeek has 50,000 NVIDIA H100 AI GPUs says CEO, even with US restrictions - TweakTown
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi0gFBVV95cUxPaS1RY0JVbTF4Ry1CSlNIdW1MMm9tME1vSGNZWVZQTjVzYjdDNkF2ZHB4MDA1akg5eWEwQkdZOVR0MUZ6eWtMUWFoRU9VLWFoX0hxZ2RSNDNnUWFZaTBPdXRvdnM4R2ZSVmN3RW5NeTlaVFlJRWUtMTJIWllnQmNoMjVkR2Jhc1F1NWZVa1lKclFLSmdUTzRzWDVzUFFKdWNXT2pjVENYdE9OTmxXTWFlbkZ6cVF5RURIRmJqOEdvUlA2OWVubjRpQzRtVlQwa2FOU2c?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Deepseek R1 vs Llama 3.2 vs ChatGPT o1: Which AI model wins? - Digit
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxNcWJTN3BBeGwza21mZHN3MkkxZHRpd1FwMUNlUHAyOVNqNHFfdUdMOFhENUpzaDV1bkxHSUp2eEpiVWZkUkE3c2tpTWxfLWxCVTBGOGZZNzJ3MkJjRXk5TXpBVWhtSU1GQ3RCZ0VXOHZXUmhGdm1lWEZNbU9XYzEwclJNSFczNHRFVGJvU0dnb1d1Y0tWOFFidi10OVV3cEx2LXfSAagBQVVfeXFMTk1nUXc3bU5LTjM0bnpERmQ2MVZPV0RpQ1FiSUpKdVRTWmlCN3V1QW5uc20zUHZZQW1IcTdaeVdiYkNMMVlhODBrT3lpN3dhelNTUXZvU0JJNzU0SHFpXzgwUE5hMzBSMTRlY2xGWnlSVHdMY3RPQXQ4cDMxT0E2aW1wRFdHRFItYmw3ZDFpN3VESVRkczdUcjJpeW0tQ2RYUUlyTU5FX1dm?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Open-Source DeepSeek R1 LLM Matches OpenAI’s o1 for a Fraction of the Cost - TechEBlog
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidEFVX3lxTE1CYmxYbU5lbXdsZUdpNWRpLW8wMzdjY3ZlaDl6UkFSdUZmbU1XYWJxNTg4aThvUDlzN0dwWU82ZE8wTG9sTDl1ckpzbE1yWWlvZlQ4SW01UWktUTV4Rm8wa3B0UEFmRjRiRFVzSkI2QThzSnBC?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Tech leaders respond to the rapid rise of DeepSeek - VentureBeat
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihAFBVV95cUxNSzhZbzZhTmViUE8tbHd0MWp5elNxeXVOLW5sNnpaZGFhaFBacU40NG9WTzZYUVhobVdZUlNXUHpwV3EtaGZsQnBVX1FjTUw3UW5CNkNERXZrZ1dtTHQ3MXFFRVNZamxUZWN5aEQxaDZLVGpHb3NURWkwQV9YanZ1Q1RwU0o?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why China's DeepSeek is putting America's AI lead in jeopardy - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipAFBVV95cUxObzZkY2JiM1ZLRzBaUjhxWnhKTHU1MHJ6SXZIZ2ZJWWtTdDlPUTBUa3ByUkxiLTIzRzJRa1N3SGk2TUdoSXk5NWdITkFfQjJ5YjhzNFFuWDljRXRidjJERlBydWZqU0Vzd0c3U2VMek5mMmQ2MWJzSnFsWWRFQWVRRlBMQTA3UWRJenR0QWdCcTVIc01pR1ZFV3JROUYyVXhpZUwyMA?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How China’s New AI Model DeepSeek Is Threatening U.S. Dominance - CNBCAfrica.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimgFBVV95cUxOOUhxY2VGMUlKVUJLM0xPd1hXN1hyeXh5ZC1nQTB5SXQza3pHd0dwbDhrYnM0WGc0YzFRVHRaTk1ZZWVTTWRWVFRZXzAxTWl3dVNFaURaYndqU1hkNlQxQ1BtT2taeXowVFhiTVFMWGhXVm5yY0NkMjVLOS1UYnM4Q0paRWpmZFRudVZlUldheTI3TlNEeXI0U3Vn?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek - Britannica
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiU0FVX3lxTFB2dlJ2WUEwRTVzWEpRZGFWVVhNejd5bEV6V3Rsc25NWFVjMU9rVWl1cGoxWlVPbVpPbDQ3Zl8tMTZ6TUVXOFo3a2ZiVWxtRVdoZkRr?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek R1 Explained: China’s ambitious answer to ChatGPT, Gemini, and why it is making waves - Moneycontrol
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Is China surpassing the US in AI? Meta's chief AI scientist reacts to China's DeepSeek breakthrough - Hindustan Times
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

New Frontiers in Customer Experience? DeepSeek-R1 and Titans | - Opus Research
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinAFBVV95cUxOYUl0dHd5NzlfRkl4U2dtejI0bkgwY3JmR1ZTNGppUmRXMG1jRVpfdGJIRmd4OTlZYnBRaVllbmw3Z0VGcmxmdXlQbU54YmR1U0hnb2hYVm9SMllfVTJhb2tmYllxeTBuZVVqTzVYNVBtaGJJb3JWZzFKMzgzY3h1R0xGZEdXXzJKNXVFYVJKbWFmUmkxRzh2dFA0WTA?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Deepseek, China’s New AI Challenge - American Enterprise Institute
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMib0FVX3lxTE95Z01FMUFFQlJmMFNKa1l5NHRINE5JN18zbk1IcTlVWG9PYmRpZ2hNdXZsOG04cVBiR25qVjdUSWhDeGF4RWUwVGZyZS1ReU1DbktndXViZWtxcHZXMzZzU2tjMDRERWVURkluaXVhaw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China's DeepSeek AI model challenges US dominance amid sanctions - The Express Tribune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxOSV84dkZ2eDk5LUxFRTBQd2x0cXlHUDFVaEcxQXJFRUhFSUNmU09wYUZhNHFzM3hLRG9kU0tXV2xZQkRtb0hNMThDN3Z6NUNlZGVPVjNIMWhWa0IyM19waDhDelQwTGwyc3YyV3J1WHNwWGJRaFNkTzFyVk90dm53bDRQVk5Ma1FydXlYdUlTdmpYTmdwUkxteUFEVzAzS0RQUXfSAaoBQVVfeXFMT1JiR0ZXMlBRWEQ2aXI1dXNHTUF0MWYxNnJBM1NPNXVsWDh2aWRwbEdESHFidWQyeHV3NDgtVzZzN0dQS3hHeW9BVkVJTUdvR1hVX2M5TGZOZUE1V0tncVdUNkMwcjNVX3ZVbnQ1UXpKYWxFZVlrWlNUaDUxMFJXZDhKOG9SWW9QeXBqQy1YMFhaeTNHMjlSMHhFeUVMcEhaV3FSb0RtaENpV1E?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Silicon Valley Is Raving About DeepSeek, a Made-in-China AI Model - The Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilwFBVV95cUxOcGUySHJHUW56cjJiQUtTS2NhUkFuOEtaN2JlN0Z0dGZldUdzc2c3SUVCZ2V5OGdxT0RBNHl5Z2NydG9McEF1c3NObzU0YTk2ekNDYmtjaEdMbC05bkVrSnJEVWlWejRtbjVPNWN6YWNvRWN1SlJiY1djUHVNYU9uQjQ2dFBiSE5ieVVjeFFPOVVVa1FDSHdv?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How China’s DeepSeek-V3 AI model challenges OpenAI’s dominance - The Indian Express
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi1AFBVV95cUxOR1hOWGVnV3RQTm05aTRFMnphSm1waktYbWltRUNFbFhhNUJfZTRHRk1fbFh5a3Z0VTlwWkRCOEV6b21RWTdOaVNqU3lpN2dQSURjbEFkbW5sZmlaZ0VQcjFxWmhfMVRmenFoM3haOVVhaUtnYkNmdEFWbHRNZnhGeGR1UjhJdkVtalkzeFlTaWFCcVVBNE51SWZiOFFTVURkR1hSRGxVVW43c1VXTklQQ1UtOGZCajRPOEdLS2xjUkFjYWZocDAyd09TeWxvYnV4U3JuVtIB2wFBVV95cUxOQjhVR25XcVpaNnBmbTBNb2Z1dXFIdndHVGxjeDBUUUVVamJlcHV0YlJTZTJTd2JRYXh3djVWcDgteUxXTkYyTG9PMUNobGJ6UWxZaXRxSFpoRXBUUHY2bDRNMXpCMWFCbUh2V2VkYVY2NXBjbWZNNFBHOHRXS0pmd2tDMUpNR0tsUkpzdUVZUGgybVZ1SjBXSnRvWTJHT2dmZlZvemtXMXhuS2RXOGN5eGpJbFF2NnpaYUFEa1ZtWjltd0tTNDhtaDhoMVJEdkNJbEp2ZXZncE5iYjQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

🧠 Tinyzero: Berkeley Researchers Reproduce Deepseek R1-Zero With Extreme Low-Cost - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxQRE9QVzg1a190bkJETThQQ1NwaXVzcEU1WGF6NURwaHJ6RFI5V29LQUg2a0tVaGJjNElQMFJ6TDFiZ0hTRGVmaU1pNTV6alhBcWJOVTJVYnM5cFFseGV5NlJkcE5CbHVrRVlRZ1ZwQkVjSXotM1BxZm1OdUx0bHFreQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek and China's AI development - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxNUWVxRGJkeG9kM2Nab0NTNUlRcFp0Ql9fY2J3RFVPZVAxU0ZyS2RwU21teVhsMXM2RXJrc3hxZG5ET0hsRldrMUJ4NWIzbllHUGZid0hPemNpUkJ4RHBHdW4yN2tRZ0lkQ3FWZzI0ZmszYkJsSzhMZTdHWTdsSGVReg?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek R1 Paper Breakdown: The Self-Taught Prodigy - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxPM1lUU2piYVRMOHZvVXd2REVzNEhTcm1ibnlnTEUxQ1FmRGZYUldYVjNIUU9MUWNZRmVxN1VEbWpzRDJneFd4ZXBXWmd1dHJTM2ZCVndfZkRkSXdsU0twUTlpTlVMMzJEejh1TzFPT1h3a2xLMmJFaFhVZ2JfalZCaA?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Have the Chinese overtaken OpenAI? An overview on DeepSeek's R-1 - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxPMk1oT2lxVkxVSUo2R0JNeklXZklFU0N3QkFKekF3VUprMlBiRkdMclNiR2RkM2NtQmlVMy1VRDhsMGd0bEN4WGxMMk54MnhCWDgwZWp6TS16amJMS0cxYUlMYVBjWFFTUDd5UTNuaGx6T2d4ellxRy1HZ2VEZWQ0ZA?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chat with DeepSeek about Impacts on US Venture Capital - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxPOVpzekVfTk5FT0x1SWh2b0JENkFOMnllN1Qtejl3TlY3cmZpVnRTMVhmNnFld1prMnRvR0U0YmFCaEVkTkk0T004Nkc1SWxiZ2lzQVpMdWoyYTlNSW5WcW5GTEhOTk5GMFVNMm1sUXM0Z0lDR0JsVXF0LVNDSTNSWA?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese start-up DeepSeek challenges global AI giant OpenAI - Eurasia Business News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipgFBVV95cUxQU1FuV0h0em5xRUxPc1lfdFJZRFFlckVESWNZZURRb2IyclYxejgtZVotQXNhekJzaHRNLTNMMllxb0VZWV85ZkpCYjNHTXVhVl8yMjl0eHo3S0Uxa25yRUR0M2ZGWEswd0luTm9MejRsRmpFNGFSY2gtZnF3OF8zRnhLTjVMd1hIdDZXdUsta3l5MExGNXZtWUtpWUdzRW5hN2t1eWhB?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

David (Deepseek) vs. Goliath (ChatGPT) - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxPaklIc3NfY3hkZU1zMThaaVVjQjRSa1UycnBKVXR6emdwdklubDN6QUViWmxickROMlpBOXVqaU5ENjdQSTJONjFDSy1YdGRUTWM0MmxZWEpIRS1FWkRaWHE1aG1LZGIwZUdLVjNfbmVDcFNNUFNrcUFlR1JqZWVmNg?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 17:23:37 GMT

Is Deepseek A Mirror or Mirage? - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxONUhubFlZcFhUVVd3ZkhlV25MdGRka3NrS2hIek5jdjkzTzdQZmFiRUFkaV9DLW9EVFc2dHZlLW9OT19GQTllM2dQUGVFbXRnd2xfY0NTZFRRSkdCOGFYUTNKN0dmbWRoTXdJX2VtNjRyT0swNHhzb21kM2JRTEg4RQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

🔮 The Sunday edition #508: Stargate & DeepSeek R-1; AI enzymes; kitchen fusion, photosynthesis in orbit & E(I)V ecosystems ++ - Exponential View
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiUEFVX3lxTE04SHZwXzdOVlJhazUtcmhtaUdySGttdVRFQ1ZWVzk0NkQ1T1RqYl9ZU2MwVkZLODhEUWFYSzlCV1RMRnVqQmNUTDhOanNGQ1RO?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s Open AI Models Stir Interest with Ingenious Domain Redirection - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixgFBVV95cUxNYVR3Q2d2Y1hVREw1bHJ5TmdkRkF1MWVXempaclNZaGZuT0VuMGRIRFNkd0lqUERRQUFpY1dGRzdHVDVEYm9JM0FoLUp2emZqNGM0SXQ4Y1pBX3BXSlltdjlKcUJhanN0d2FhR0ZPWmJhNEV4QVNQNnNMT0xCTUFERVlfZVNtSmcteWg3cHpVdXdJbDdZMXRCanhaMHNTMUJmLVp6X3JlekUtbGZlSDNWdmVPYU93THVnOFB2Wnc1NDdiRE03YXc?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 15:14:05 GMT

China's DeepSeek just showed every American tech company how quickly it's catching up in AI - MSN
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 00:33:28 GMT

Inside DeepSeek's AI breakthrough - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxQamlLZS0xN2UtMmlpT0J3UUNwTXF6M244SUw1THBGMHE0UWgxTlJYOXR3ZjQ4eVdhN0IxdXpVaUtKdE8wR3JTM3B0RkxRVERDcHJ3YU1XcS02RmtkUEEyLWlzLWxWeER4Vng5dENKRGY1X1B5NXYtZmdObURoZ1MyTXRxczZESXQ1aVFF?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Inside DeepSeek's AI breakthrough - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirgFBVV95cUxOVFRxb0xzLUxiLXg5YWhKdXN0NHQ1M3ljQldQeWw0Q1ZFRmV5Sk1PYmhSZzI5QkFzSEx4ZWNVbUt2TGNYZUtNQ25zUHp3MFpCZnBqWDZsUFkzUTJMbmtKQno1ZG9RVFJCVE5OQlFxMGZITDA2WjliYktBYWxCei1LYWs3UjVxVkxRclJVVUpsVlU3YlhrTlJjakRpbVhHT3JWUFVCbG5WZ1hTQ0lrQ0E?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Microsoft Looks Into DeepSeek Affiliation for Potential Violations of OpenAI Data Policies - CoinMarketCap
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMizAFBVV95cUxQSUhDTmFzSm56VGdGX1lRMUVxS2llbS1feGUzb0lnZHktaFdXb3NtUElfb3FubFlIRmN5WG1OMEkzUGdCSnlCZElGUFJHUWZaaUJxWDdBbjV4c3VGNkl6Wjczekg5aHZDcEpkZjVsNUdMd2lnQzN1T3pCWkRzR0tVQVpDUkhsZUhzMlpHbEd0RVJpMjRTcFBRM2xJSDdBNnVEWWRJQnNfTDM5dURocmdjWDBFV3RVeFpEUGZqakRsMnNSY0UxTW5DaWtKa0U?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

The DeepSeek effect: Why China's ability to sneak past US barriers should be a wake up call for Indian IT - The Economic Times
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s frugal model shows a more profitable, market-rewarding GenAIsolution than Tech-Bro AI - The Economic Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi_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?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese AI Startup Upsets U.S. Dominance With DeepSeek Models - Evrim Ağacı
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxQNGMtT1BpY2dfRXkxS2taX3kyT3REUkNBSW9SbUNmdVRwSmtFeVYzeXh0dnpMOFVJVTFPNndmakJkeFNCWDFYWEw1bUxuM1ZmZHNNMExKejNSZ3Bkem5pdWpYMXJEVmNCNDY0T0toejY4WXYtRmk2Zm9wTzgyVGFTaUc0ajBZdFBSX3I4WTlrTVlnUVpzU0lYeA?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

AMD integrates DeepSeek-V3 model on Instinct MI300X GPUs - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi6AFBVV95cUxOcFVnQTlYYm1odDcydW1abWZ1NEZIT2JhM0xHbmJZZDU2NlVzUlBfRlFpTEtQaDBPeHFfMU9WUlg4Ymw3cGgwaDBMN2NLUzNBQU00SGRxVURkR2hpVE9KZ3ItdW1MOExVOExKWXAyVWFkOUVXakZMeENILU9LckRnSC02R05OczIwcWo2MUxvVVp5RjRUV05WVUpjTU9HbHR4RnJRdG52c0JodG5ZRUZlYXFZeDJ4bWxHYi1BNnVrVEJJdjU3SnVHYlZoNjlVbER1cnJBVl94dTVFTHRvVWNuTzZhaG4wYVZX?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 00:46:25 GMT

Don't whip self over DeepSeek - The Economic Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipwFBVV95cUxNOEJGX2x3Tm14T2dGc1k2bGNXVHY2SUM3SHBzdlZtOXhkMXFubDlRcDE1aTUwNTR3QXpGRTU2eTREdl9hZ1g1YnQ1ekdhTGswNmZob01fdGt4ZGRFbDVqLXBuWElOR1RTSEpScFNDaXh5cWoyaXlhT1FKbXcyOWhhTzdjMzJmTDRkejg2Zkd2ZW82WnJJZTlOS2FBNEhIdTl2bmJMaDRlZ9IBrAFBVV95cUxNdm1TcTRYV1Q2Yl9QMC05Q2J4Y1ROZjc1bW5ZblFjM3dNOVRtTUdpQVhfOE5zUktWYk9JTk9lQlFMektaaWtxSk55LV9tY0tjanp2eGlHNEhfUkVlZ2NYSURIWEkwTy1Yd2dEam9TcERDck9tcW5RS1F0YkJsNXl3UnNBT1ZCaFpQcHREOEMtbk16NE5NUXFIX19TaDN3VU1JeXRQSVFBNzhUdWRh?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Meta plans to spend $65 billion on AI investments, amid DeepSeek superiority claims - Neowin
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirwFBVV95cUxOaWhsalhna3ZyMHNGOHFXVU9mbTFZVTBNVjN4UUYyZV9hdTYwcndfOWdicFgzOURKbFhWTlM5eEs5SU9HU1JibWJ5cVpsYzdwdEVYYk52RjhpSmRGZEVhaVhlMTFLZ3N3a2R2ZE0wUDY5eUFlNFdULXJiZVFhMHNWby0xaVNwTFNyRGlQVjVNSWp0TUhCTXM2bl9VLWFhZnl4d2d6TFhlN1JPVERYQXZj0gGuAUFVX3lxTFBxdTJ5RTUtRi0zNkVRVWtkQXEzby1OcXpkUTBnUzY0UkFHX1RqRFVSMHNaUEppcFFsYk9GNzF5dWRXcl9Jdm9oaTBselFBd0F5YzZSTExjeUhRQXhERnZhdXlTT1VLR3dkdlhJc2xNaEhxb3ozY3RkSkZmOEVxY1VWTEJnYmwyUXk3WFpkZURjR0VhckZDTzlYNUpJbFYxaEFtcU9rT1pzS25aeVpXZw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How India can leapfrog AI innovation & what DeepSeek’s success can teach us - The Economic Times
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China’s AI Model DeepSeek Threatens U.S. Dominance - Global Macro Monitor
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinAFBVV95cUxPblBIYkRDVW02VHJ5a19vWFd3X2hSdDUwVkJCY2w5LThmb2RlQkxlSjhpMU1yUDFQeFVQUk9kWG1pTGdCRzZZTWVNbjVwaENOVHZtQ3JYUE5sSlBzLXVxR244enp0V2FDMGFxM1k1VEFtaEZPbk5Bd1ZuSzluYTRQRVFQU3dJQ2Q3R1ZNVDZqaFVjYTljenRFXzM1eE4?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Week in Solana: DeepSeek, CNY and FOMC Trigger SOL Sell-Off - CoinMarketCap
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxPbWdaWk9JcmJMT2psUkhhWW11S0ZTeWRIYmVwTXdTNU1DNVZJUXJvODZsVnpSZE9xWHZLVGZMOHhHdzNNOEdnY1RoVmpPT1d2aG1TZkplLUNqeHNSRElJZGlKR0RGVG1RX1RmUEpYRGo1TnhMSC11cnhDeDNfMzdNSllacXZMR053WlJoWk9HVDBndkh5VU9ydDNDUmtsS0Fy?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How Chinese AI startup DeepSeek is competing with Silicon Valley giants - The Star Online
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiwgFBVV95cUxPN29TVUZpSjNQSDVRWGFFNy0tbE9kVE5NSFZpZnpyTGlIOVdmT3ppTXF2aThxbTJOTTRzR1F3WGpmSmlIMWI0WGVpMEtiSW4ycUd0RXo1bEh2UzNpZVZHZXpmNXFMMmRkYjVSVWVTSHFCR3VNSzE0TGJIYWtPWUZnM2g4RGFKb1F4Y3Q5NzB6Q3FiRFItbExBMDR1cng1SVJxNUFEZE9JYXRZWkU3NEpVbVkxTXhWa3Z5c2dKVTJiVlFHZw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Nvidia, Softbank among AI stocks fall sharply as Chinese AI firm launches DeepSeek LLM - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi0wFBVV95cUxPRGR3ZjhqMjJrdzcxMk8td3Yxd2xfLWF2ZkZJeTUtamZNb3BRRmNCYk5abmhOQVdpTDU3WkJCbjJkUG5tLUpsX2FBaTlCcy1QYi12NThkQ0g0cVE0Nko4TUF1WE42UWl5NkZzTHROUDVoNFRBZGJ4UnFGUno1OFFHazVwUEJONzl0SzVmOXVCM3dwQWh6MzBtT1lXYVRocDlhWEwzQ3YwUTdkTm9iWXd3Z3QyOEk4N0ZmczlWZzVHa3gyaEp4RW1OWUdWdXJPNzlPMWE0?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China’s DeepSeek: The New Buzz in the AI World - Udayavani English
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxOSW1ubVVDZXB3OXZVcFRCdHBXamJKVG5SSE04aDdZSEx0MEEtQjlncDF1Zk44X252ODF2TmNfUGUybUxLbjBoOS1uZWd6RF9ic09LcFhCRlNhdVNCcHgxWFB3clBVc2J4QlRBcnZ4dkE4QklXTVVIcTJsbXdMSV9XbFBmYW9jcm4tR3BV?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

This cheap Chinese AI is trying to compete with Silicon Valley giants! All about DeepSeek - WION
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 15:59:38 GMT

DeepSeek R1 Is Giving OpenAI ChatGPT o1 a Run for Its Money - Smartprix
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilwFBVV95cUxNb2FBYXFXMXJqUWIzYlFEa0xWbl9TVHRuV1JxdHpsazhNVllKWXVXM2hQUnJHZHJxM29LYlQ1TC1uYnVoOFhjbU5XeGVyOHpCTHFHZk5TZjFqb3NUdFZ6allOaVE3dVUzZG5CLTlKRGZ5VUF3enFRQVQyRmlXdWNQSVlsTmo3c0lhSUxiNmNnZUdWMlBPUy04?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Meta’s Chief AI scientist shares his opinion about DeepSeek’s success - Cryptopolitan
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinwFBVV95cUxPZC1RN1M0aEZCMzdkeUNrUklDMUxQVktNUXp0TG5DUEJkdkdJU1NIRk5zN3FJY1V4bmRQc0hET096aHRVYXJUUklDWEtjUGR4VzVjS0o3RTVkaG9VbllUMEU1WjVqb09rbldTaHlpYWoxZnVZbEwySW1QMEtCbjN1OUZ0S1hORlpfdUs0TkxaVHZid1lkSTFvaDlqeXZ5VDA?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek - Know Your Meme
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiWEFVX3lxTFBRQVFmQm1UaktsMHRZbFR1QVpJWXN3OF80eF95QUVSN09vMkZCX3EyZlQyNW9sSTlMQVBhOXVBd2VUeW9NQ1ZLb0cwT3ZLV08tSFJ5V2tYT3E?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1: The Game-Changer in AI Competition, Challenging OpenAI - The Africa Logistics
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihAFBVV95cUxNd3R1QjgtMlJUVFZtSkxYM1B4aXJ1WmxPM2duTHpvaUtRUnR1LS1uTlQ1NmVCRTBteXFUaW9WTkREd3F1XzdiLVhjSldJNGNYZnlvSjFPOUZHc2JPN3A2dUhUWnRYeENGZlBsSmdfckF4TUIxSFpnaGo2VHA0MUgtV2dEUTU?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

January 20th, 2025 tweet by @deepseek_ai - Know Your Meme
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiXEFVX3lxTFBPMjEwNGdibU85d0J5WWUwZGx6cVo5cUE5Mks4ZWU5MkN6ZjhiTTB3dExQQ1VmZGxuZVJHUDd1bG5XWTc0RlpsSVNPd1cwLVFIb0ROZzVWZUJ1Szh0?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Revolutionizing AI: Meet DeepSeek-R1! - DSA
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiekFVX3lxTFBIS3pPMm5vQk5MMHZKdk5KbjViWW04RkJzcThueVd3aHlua1Ywb2pTeno1RjVYVzUwZnZrNElsa19ERkN6eEFPekFGT0JRRUp4dUUxMDFEY1lNZEpZOUxMUFlOczNtTGhiY2NoQ3NkQkthZ0ZFeXhscWJn?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How DeepSeek R1 Surpasses ChatGPT o1 Under Sanctions, Redefining AI Efficiency Using Only 2,048 GPUs - WinBuzzer
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi1gFBVV95cUxPcE10RUk0VFpWRmVIWXgtZXdtaHhJRjUxZVdKdDN2M21kOUl3dUVSWm9qQWhFbUlBZWgxbktKRFhwcFAyM1J6emRjWVRKZjc1Vkk0eERDX3duWjJzTU0wbmg1c0ljNnk1VnBmQldhZWRfTjY5RDI5R05jRFgxQktqb2JZMUhnQ2hjWm5BaHdPWERpWVFXczBZTmdzY3lHVmFzbmh4M0VkRUZGNFZxSzEzemQzaUdPa09fNlNiS09jTzNxcFk4WXo4UzFTc2JnZGRNdDUwSjVn?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China’s DeepSeek R1 Reasoning Model and OpenAI o1 Contender is Heavily Censored - WinBuzzer
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuwFBVV95cUxNQUhjUmxESVdsWlVmWGppSjE5Z2Y3OHloeXdfTHB1eVVVOWUwb2E5aW16U1VsVTBoLTFESnVVekFaWnkxSERNdEdPNzg0cnV4TXNlNUdzYTJKaTJrRmhPcERVMDFQUlk0UEdKS2NpdFJpalExMW1WZVU1SXpXYmg1Y2o4OVg2dV9JTDlvRXNxaTZnYURPcWFSVkNZcGN4OVdXcUNiVTdjY1IwTjM0anZvU2VuR1RIOW12T0pv?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China's DeepSeek Bombshell Rocks Trump's $500B AI Boondoggle - Lew Rockwell
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipwFBVV95cUxQZDlHV1JWYm1lcTYyQ1lVUzQzWFpudGQ4QUN1QXN2STBGVGxGbzFhWVBtaTFaajNCZmEyMUtDSXBzMGtUeHpyWUlxR3hCbGlXNzlTRVE0MWtNeEFQdXhZUkRpbDBXZmdzcXFIZDZGV0Y2bkNPM01XSWVmajA2VjNQdi1maC1FX21SZDhKd190SWgweFk3M3dQdXhKZUFvSWoxcVd5dHZrbw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 24 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How Chinese AI Startup DeepSeek Made a Model that Rivals OpenAI - WIRED
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiYkFVX3lxTE9KdENSTTNfNzF1OU0xaXY5U1hhcTJqcmlPYUViZGlNV3E3TVJ6bXVqQW8yWG14TVZWaTVIM0FSV3BxdTAtWjA5U2JpNzRFQ0p5a3FPd1F4a0ZxUWpPQzN1aW5R?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

All About DeepSeek — The Chinese AI Startup Challenging US Big Tech - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivwFBVV95cUxQYXJTd05wdEo4SmlZb1NBWWV0MFV5V1ZxZGNaSWVDRGVoZG1FcG9wbVh0SnhhR1lmT3BhVXJnMGpmbHZycC1fVl9DeTNpemVnRWV2MTZkNTF4ZG01SFEwc05oaVphNVpoNUlFVjV5QmRILWZhSjFOVmMtZVdvMmU5VmN3U25adW9LeDA5QVpWTHFlRmJSbDRxUXhTRHlwTkc4YnFfVjd4RnJlY0xPcW5vUW9UMHFEOGJtdGFXbmRXYw?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China's DeepSeek just emitted a free challenger to OpenAI's o1 – here's how to use it on your PC - The Register
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiakFVX3lxTE1ud1NZU09KNmZYZmtZX1BSVGJZR2dIODN2TVJQcjdQM2pXU3pyU25ITUo2MHd0a0lmbzJpR1A3dV9haF8wdklEN00zeExRMmNKZmJDTkJqNWRTVHlGSGtBXzNaTEJtQzB4T0HSAW9BVV95cUxOblF5MS1EeExuY1RwVFFER2FMaGxKSk83dGZlUEhESnRuem5nSWprUl9Yc1JuYncxZEs0UDNfVERMWWVld0oxaEU1VV9DVF9LcEc4NHN3ZUxWcEEzc1RyWG9XMjB6ampqemExMXdxQ1U?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek and the Strategic Limits of U.S. Sanctions - The Wire
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilgFBVV95cUxOX2ozeUFXMWpsa185Tkl3dEZBdlhFVW5aTWZ1cXlQb1VQV1VnV282U0kya3ZlTHRuTHJ6MVVDTVN0bG90clU5TklGSEg1RW9tazc3aXFnazg5VTFya19RYnBnTnBiRU9EbnRzd0NtWVhxLUhsQ0x6cnpucUJwczE4Zm4xZEk1MWlUcmxRbjh4T3FjMkR2dHc?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1’s bold bet on reinforcement learning: How it outpaced OpenAI at 3% of the cost - VentureBeat
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitgFBVV95cUxOd01CeFNCOUMzaXhCWU5SbXNmdnZ3M1JYbkt6cnVjcEQ4MVg0Vm94UUU2MUZPaDNQMmhvRmtxY0xQNnZQVWtSczdJM3R3NDU3bU84cnNDV3ZTLXFFX2VTWjJHRTVKclpUSlZfX0lhQmFJMlh6WFRLR2V3blhpcTJZX0d5X2xhRlUwbEhqY1pzMEdLT1hka0pDZ3hpbkkyb1B2NEZMTHJ2N09tMlIzdWFiRTIzZDlvUQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek gets Silicon Valley talking - TechCrunch
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMie0FVX3lxTE1oZHJDTEFNdXFrc1NNQW9ZR3FlU2RydzExQ3lPSmFybUxHa1VEQnZQNlZuSWM0R0I0bUZFckhXUlV6ZlNxWFVYSTZZaUF0T2RqaWc1NXo4M2xJOGFNNVhuVFFXSFlyRXdQMzZiYl83c09nTE5yNEJHc2tNZw?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Silicon Valley praising Chinese AI startup DeepSeek: 'Profound gift to the world' - Fox Business
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek shakes up stocks as traders fear for U.S. tech leadership - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipAFBVV95cUxQWnliMU1lOWNBc3AzSTMydmktTDFsVDQzbE9kLXA1N3FzQm9KR3FlbUl5VGREalhXX0NKLURqNFVKWmRkSmxiUlpBcGVRQ2lQYTMwa3hTbWtmQWJsTHdnLVhPVFJpSUtUcTFVajNnUFhyUlJtR1UySEVhMEEzU1N1elNOLURPVEk5SEFwWTRlMmFyWnJtdlA1Y0NXSk1jVFlvUlN6Tw?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China’s DeepSeek: Could This be a Turning Point for US Tech? - Saxo Bank
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitAFBVV95cUxQX2NFUUxRakRJa21qSzNYMGFPZnUyM1VIUExGeTQxTmF6Yng1ZXk2dGRaUHd5Y3YybzZwS0ZtTmpvUGxYTURZLWtTZW4tV2NUU1VJM25mNzloV0t3ZFo2bF9oTmVjVkhlMnNiMzZ1c1Z5S2R0NFNjblFDa05Sc25rWHp6RFgtb19Sd1owNWRGR21vVVV0OXhFT1RJNU9CaHFmaUJTbEVRM3dYZGVlWXBUX1pHNTg?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Release of DeepSeek R1 shatters long-held assumptions about AI - Cointelegraph
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiigFBVV95cUxOOVg4U0RGbnNyRDdlSnhXa19QRHZTdHRmT2tCVW5GYzNZLTNoMjJBRWtWVFVwSjlmSk1QdXJnRGpaenFVdGVOX19ERWJtNnlMWFA0NDB2VE9obWxhUmh4aWJ1NndqcTZlaU1UYmN3eElaYkZlaUlmNkhRSTRET0wtQjhlZmprTU9iZ3c?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China’s DeepSeek AI poses formidable cyber, data privacy threats - Biometric Update
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiowFBVV95cUxQMGZUYlBHSHhjM1M5dS1mVm1FNVd1dXM3NFRJVUdlNHUwZVU5UHNoWTRUV2diY0VmbWZwMXVFS1R6eEZZVEJVeVR2QXRCQVBNcTBOMXpWMXR3Nm9zSnQzQklwSUdRLTNUR0d2dU51SDUtRU5xWlltOExRb1hRQXpaa0tGVVF5VGRXQ0ZmR1pnYkJBN1R5dmhtX1ZvTTFicU5kRjc4?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

New model by Chinese AI startup DeepSeek shakes up US-based giants | Daily Sabah - Daily Sabah
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxOMTM0cnVwbXBQWmp1SWN6Z3g3ZEZUbjBsTmp0UW5ES01xZHN5MWZLX1ExSVBmT1hZQl9CTkx2bVBjcE45amU5YVBMNGcyc0ctSWdLN05zcGQ5dnNCYTBncmtLTzZxTHN0bENQLUR5OVlWQXhaSGt2aVl3aVZmSnRCMG9LazRKVEpuZmJqdFhMcGdVVnllMUItSkF1eC1zU2VYRUR6Q2FSRnNjLTTSAbABQVVfeXFMTTdQSmM4a3o0VkxVM21ZTWwwUjYwUklNVXlHZVdBVGxwQmFHQnl4VGJnUWZtZk40SDFNUnBQSjJKUXBqUjZIR1dkaEJfSEFkQy1IeGdXQ3RnZHdQbm01SGxWMVVwUjhhTm5jQkxZUWx2cjUwT0hyeFUwOHpUS01Xd3lFbTdyRUJfNUpTNGZSTXlVcEhyV2hWampocUQ3VHVlaDJfSTFBZU0xX2x2ZVBDREI?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How China’s DeepSeek quietly outpaced the US in the global AI race - Asia Tech Review
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMieEFVX3lxTFAxNEQ1SFBYOHkxNlV6ZDI1bmlmR0I4enVhSDNJdjN5d0JydHJET05FalBpSVZyaVRJR3ZNY0RCVjRjSnp0NXd1N2gxNXp0Z2d1VzZ6OW1SYkc2OHJYYmhtUVF1a1ZtcmkxaF9YSk85V3I0VFRSX19PUg?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Meta's chief AI scientist says DeepSeek's success shows that 'open source models are surpassing proprietary ones' - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijgFBVV95cUxNVEhvRFNjYk9pbENZMHEzaEdFaHRaVW9wZ2xSVnd1dEdWSXo2bjIwbWQ2RmpUWHpWNXB0VVNOQnNKaWNlc2pPNXZuOXc5MWRIRlV1MFY4dXU2YmNPRS05dVNKYm9zT3lEbFlycXdmVGtGVTBsdWdFU2RIaTFuZnpZdno3X19ZeGREcHdYS1RB?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Silicon Valley stunned as China’s DeepSeek-R1 surpasses US AI giants, undercuts costs - TechNode
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitwFBVV95cUxNYWRXNWZZODBpM2REQnJYem1xc2ZUSUJHN2h4SXM2d0lkRXlsLTY3d0VKN3h3MXFfRTFUZ19SZmpsck1lRzhlemZheEpJTmNEdW11UURfeXFwNVlFaWQ4VWFleUpqRHBkaUo5T3pGZGtyTUZKRGFDa3hmSlJKNHplLXQxQnpCOWh6SU5ZNkVuS0tLWTRQV1NERDh5YklPamVsOC1uVkZHdklKbjhfbDZweGd3TVl5NUE?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese tech start-up DeepSeek unnerves US with low-costs AI model on par with OpenAI's o1 - Global Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiYkFVX3lxTE1leWlDSGlDdkE3NTVrVDUwaWtLYlBPSERQWWZuVnpkelJLTEttT2tNcFo0dlIwR3F1WVBYazJ5ZVo1MXE1aDFvaWNxVG5YLTA1ZUd2YTFvb0VSa3ZTbExPY0pB?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese AI Lab DeepSeek Has 50,000 NVIDIA H100 AI GPUs, Says AI CEO - Wccftech
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikAFBVV95cUxQU2M5SEpLYmU3MlVvbXBIM1RjRHljVXVGS1ZIZ3NYN2JfcDJXTjVaQjA5bnpzUlQ1YWhXS29QU3NpWlp6TnBLX0hLckJ2SnREbXZDSTkyT1Y2S0MzeFJpdzBzRDVJbFBLcVN4SVJ0MzRqSVlGVllEZGk0Vzg0UGp3RVJaaGFabEM1VmJmaXRqTG_SAZYBQVVfeXFMTU5uNEh3U0c5SE53S2RjUXZqeXhsbXBZZ2tITlNtbHhMNFloSXpJd0xrOVpaQWJLX0JOZ201TGZrZTR1QkU3Um5kLTFQakFkZHNubmpMdGcwc3ZqLUNYVk5VLUF2LXYtT2NOQjJ0Nnd4bnRqNi02S19IVHBoVEVqSDg5Y2M2VGVQMzZuUDlTamRsajVUcF9n?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1 vs. OpenAI’s o1: A New Step in Open Source and Proprietary Models - MarkTechPost
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Japan chip stocks fall as DeepSeek's challenge to U.S. AI dominance raises worries for Asian tech firms - CNBC
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Nvidia Stock May Fall As DeepSeek’s ‘Amazing’ AI Model Disrupts OpenAI - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuwFBVV95cUxPbUd0UkZKWEZQRDZBRDROU2k1VWNUN2sxV2MyMWs3aVNfRmpUanhVZ0lKbVJtcVkzSXB1Q2h6ODdTaHJpNUpaVmlPaldFMUFlOE5BRy0tb3VMczF2U096SmhnUFpQYzFHUEtsVFlxTUJsVURUOFBrSUlyN0Y0WG1TZjU4UVJKWndXTmZBczNDUk9ZRUJya3Jka3pLUFBtNDJQeTRHYWtCdFNTMmhsckU1X1hlTFNkU2t3UDNR?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese Open-Source AI DeepSeek R1 Matches OpenAI's o1 at 98% Lower Cost - Decrypt
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiekFVX3lxTE1HbU5lb19qVnFjU2xnYXBlbGJVNXNtOHJSejAwRmtJRjRGamR4dUFfYjN4ZW5LTFdockRiWTk4ZzRKQnFVTnlsVFpPSUlTeTB4djA5NUlad2R2QjgxdDQzQnMzTkpQNUMyNzhWdjVvWVNHdzdrRjFjZzRR?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese AI lab DeepSeek rattles Silicon Valley - Seeking Alpha
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijAFBVV95cUxNenNuNHhwYnBhMFlna0JrY2g3c3RNeWdvQ0d0Q2ZSTnFJVUJtQURQVVBWbk5TeEwxQnE2U3Mzc0g1cjVTeXRsQVZSN3BQVUhHdXlRbl8zNk9KbHRqdXNqWXhNZVZiMzAwdkZJd3pscGhEN1I2MGc0LWJQNzN5bzlmaFZMSVJ6YVVXQzhNSQ?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

ANALYSIS: AI Tokens Are the Real Losers of the DeepSeek Revolution - Markets Insider
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixwFBVV95cUxPV3FacGNnTHMzQ2ZJQU1uZGkyZUZXcUlSa1RIdmYtc2xQZkNGZkJfbTVXajE1X0dmbmNSY0t4WjYtR0R2QUh5cWFpcW5PdHM2RklmU0NaRXVYempZcFlTWXY2M0pORGk4ZEdtVEpRNVBfR2VHQzhTQ3FKRS1qSVUwdS1XdzNUYjV0aUp5N0lCa3I0X01HS0FIVWNzdExMTDRKamZ2WmJ4LWdFN1NmU09scEM5b3Y1alM4dWdvdFAxLUFPa0c5bDRR?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI - ‘amazing and impressive’ despite working with less-advanced chips - ForexLive
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Nvidia shares spooked as China’s DeepSeek raises questions over AI capex - Investing.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixwFBVV95cUxNa3JhcU5nNU82UGpZbnNQclpUbTlKNW15MW0zMmV0VGNHSTl4d2VYMlZxSWp4bDBkUmhBamNsMHV3TnJDSlJtSzdOZGN5eW1WVXgzbDh1eGFfX0E5dnZEYjlyeWxVbHYwM09pY0dBUHN4Q2NTNDBMWHFJS2xxUktMdVVmamVKcnBIZG14aUtTOHVkaDZPZG9nWnBWV01qd1l3LWVGZHk0TXUyN3phaVFQTkhORS0xeVltb29FRkY4U1hSYTJLZ2JF?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Will Chinese DeepSeek Disrupt NVIDIA? - ForexLive
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigwFBVV95cUxOVTZpZlY3MDBxX0YzblNETC1RS2ZNVzJHcTdhVkRmbVRzOTZUZzhFRWYxc3cyNS1UaHVfUWxXQ1UyQXptRXlLZUdHR1NYNVRTNmJsdnpFaDJhdjdUTG1LU3N1VEFvamhnVllDMVJjRnBKdWZMWUd4N0d6czlYaUw2bUNVd9IBiAFBVV95cUxORWREVlBkU3ZrU0xhc1lia1Q2SzZZaHRCSHB4alFJQkQzUlUxZ3ZQZjNLVkcwMkkwOEp4bWIwOTdtMUd5cENnMUFvUHhsUXlkT1NoS19xRTN2TUR5ZV91dktFSEFqS1VWYkctZ0tieFdSMmpXSFZyc0tRR3hhakRXa1NnZ2M1S0p2?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese AI firm DeepSeek has 50,000 NVIDIA H100 AI GPUs says CEO, even with US restrictions - TweakTown
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi0gFBVV95cUxPaS1RY0JVbTF4Ry1CSlNIdW1MMm9tME1vSGNZWVZQTjVzYjdDNkF2ZHB4MDA1akg5eWEwQkdZOVR0MUZ6eWtMUWFoRU9VLWFoX0hxZ2RSNDNnUWFZaTBPdXRvdnM4R2ZSVmN3RW5NeTlaVFlJRWUtMTJIWllnQmNoMjVkR2Jhc1F1NWZVa1lKclFLSmdUTzRzWDVzUFFKdWNXT2pjVENYdE9OTmxXTWFlbkZ6cVF5RURIRmJqOEdvUlA2OWVubjRpQzRtVlQwa2FOU2c?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Is DeepSeek about to cause a stock market crash? - Yahoo Finance UK
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiigFBVV95cUxPdGRoa0hkVGRnWm5IV1pscWlQVlRDMTZFSWI4OEFyamcxZUprREpJWk1MZDhKYmwwUWlTeXhWRlAtWWlFczR3T29PREktRWVuUDlUaXlsaVBWQWpISnVsNnczMzhLQVhiY0laZUh3TUtDbFc3bVZVUjM4eVlydHpDekhmYnhHajZjN3c?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Meta leadership worried as Chinese AI DeepSeek sets new benchmark– The Information - Investing.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi1AFBVV95cUxOOHZ5ZjF5RkJhMXBiRy11TzhwY1djUHpYREZpSWNaYVJhNzJXbXRHRUNEQV9FRTBYVFFGRmFyc3lHRDVXVWR2eERkZkdjYnVpS2JiUFpQdkZRNzJVa2YxaHRIS3h3TTRBQ25raUJtZnFNcVdBQTAzcmRGREhKTVN5XzZmbkd4SDNBNEtzcTdUMWIzQzlieVJZMnAyME9CME5CUlBoaTJPMFlIcDhiQ0N4NkxUdlpqVkJKZEZPeGJuNW12bDRZTWlhVmp4SlVJelRrSkZaeg?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Japan’s Chip Shares Sink as DeepSeek Triggers Competition Fear - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiswFBVV95cUxNZUNiT3M5WURiNkNBQmVsYldlNG02V3gyWE1lTEg2WHZoZk96R0RqV3RsZlNBRUxNeGp0XzY5QnM3VWZXX09KZ1ktenliY2JTb1hseVhVVTk4QXRTaFFQOEVGLUhMVFhKZkQ3VklXMjdkemVlQ1Q0VV9tNzYzdDVjOVFSeHQ3QXRsSWMxRHZxbjZMSkVnamRNMnlSTGFSTWhQdUs0Vzc3dGRHYzN4WmNXLUpNaw?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Meet Open R1: The Full Open Reproduction of DeepSeek-R1, Challenging the Status Quo of Existing Proprietary LLMs - MarkTechPost
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Deepseek R1 vs Llama 3.2 vs ChatGPT o1: Which AI model wins? - Digit
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxNcWJTN3BBeGwza21mZHN3MkkxZHRpd1FwMUNlUHAyOVNqNHFfdUdMOFhENUpzaDV1bkxHSUp2eEpiVWZkUkE3c2tpTWxfLWxCVTBGOGZZNzJ3MkJjRXk5TXpBVWhtSU1GQ3RCZ0VXOHZXUmhGdm1lWEZNbU9XYzEwclJNSFczNHRFVGJvU0dnb1d1Y0tWOFFidi10OVV3cEx2LXfSAagBQVVfeXFMTk1nUXc3bU5LTjM0bnpERmQ2MVZPV0RpQ1FiSUpKdVRTWmlCN3V1QW5uc20zUHZZQW1IcTdaeVdiYkNMMVlhODBrT3lpN3dhelNTUXZvU0JJNzU0SHFpXzgwUE5hMzBSMTRlY2xGWnlSVHdMY3RPQXQ4cDMxT0E2aW1wRFdHRFItYmw3ZDFpN3VESVRkczdUcjJpeW0tQ2RYUUlyTU5FX1dm?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

ASML Could Surge From DeepSeek Revelations - Seeking Alpha
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijAFBVV95cUxQeVpjdEJCQmM3TlU4MGN5MEpxdWNSa3gxcTAtOF9oS0FnVmxyQTVvUEdMaUhJNUZ2NFJRcnFNb3NMOXJ6aS01WW5fTkNHcUZiUlA0cTJ4YmJ1WTJRMnBUTVgwMDgtX05Xc2sxS1M1alV6U2hESEF0ZFNTd09saEtrS2JLRG5PVnp5V09QVA?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Earnings Countdown: Can the Mag-7 Outpace DeepSeek’s AI Surge? - Wall Street Pit
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxPbXpsZzJUSndKaWdvTlU2U2hRU3otS2dmbC1VMjYzUmtiYlRPNHUybUVrWlNvTXBZbjlyX1RJYkYzaDY5c0U1aU8tR1RObHJuT0N0TXQ5YWVaa0lQM0JMUFVJaFdhQjhvWDQxNHkweXhhSHN2SXh4VTA0d1hhLVU0R0w1a1ZUc0VSeGVjOTF6NTRUcHlVVGZ2RA?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Nvidia shares slide 5% as China’s DeepSeek sparks questions over AI-related capex - Investing.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi0AFBVV95cUxQUnJ0bThIb1hCNEh4aHI4LVcyMzBESk9EMTlJeGtyUlltd0NDcVBPbXZzeWtOcWN6WVg4NWFSdVNvanpQQ1N3REtfZkVJeVJrQzMzQU9yWWZNa21XRUtEWlZDYnBwV2EybWZtSjJfemloekxobUF2NGpfUEFhREh1aV9Welp0bVBMTnhsR25lcVExZUJ3ZGtSTVBvNFlOcDNCdHpXU1B3SjAtNXRxYmlnUFBrX3dFOTNuOXpxSXF6aVdzSjdpUmlEVWxJMWFtODFG?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese internet stocks gain as DeepSeek shakes up AI market - Investing.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuAFBVV95cUxNTmxYUlBGVUo1VWtuMGNBZnRTMThESlRRUUlvLXEzeHNyMjdKVTRndm9BSkRhaS0tTFhDTVhYd1lMSng5cUlILWNoZnZEVTV5WlVZX2xSUVBuZ3JYZWFTdGJaYTBTcUFNTmxacFkzS0dCaDRtMFBVSENJUzlQVVRnNGhDa0hXbXBRU050QWJJWmJSaDFpTWZ6NlNGS0lld25vR2hKYkNXSWdrQjZvTERLQ2VKaUk3dmhP?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Nvidia, Broadcom Among Tech Stocks to Sink on DeepSeek Threat - Investopedia
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikwFBVV95cUxQYlpaVnR1YUY3dUJzMm9mVVRfbE1La3pKMUxmcENWMlZIbEZiY1pSc1ozUVRtRXBGWWRONEM1UDdqSmJPQjZ5Wk9JYzQwUkZOQjFTUVRUdFZjbHdMdzZaZUxZbVNKSE55dE9iQ2hndGFmZGV5bHUtU2NkNW9MemE0V0dZbmFZUmZnYVV3YVptUDc3NDA?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

VIDEO: How China’s new AI model DeepSeek is threatening U.S. dominance - smallwarsjournal
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirAFBVV95cUxNUHgxLWRxOFY1cHlvY3NIaUIwN0p1UENNR2xfZjlUbktBb28ySUJ4REt5VE11dHpEcVllOEthSFZFUFNiSlJRS2p6VDB4Z1ZTV0RNMUZUU3U5dU8zM2dtNFVTZUFSTjg1U1QtdGVtYkRjRWRfTVA1Z2cweVg4T2l4NkRhdVltTWdaWmMzemxzZUZaRUFuRFBOTS02MzBYb1R0b0VGTHdXVmhVM3Rl?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Open-Source DeepSeek R1 LLM Matches OpenAI’s o1 for a Fraction of the Cost - TechEBlog
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidEFVX3lxTE1CYmxYbU5lbXdsZUdpNWRpLW8wMzdjY3ZlaDl6UkFSdUZmbU1XYWJxNTg4aThvUDlzN0dwWU82ZE8wTG9sTDl1ckpzbE1yWWlvZlQ4SW01UWktUTV4Rm8wa3B0UEFmRjRiRFVzSkI2QThzSnBC?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How China’s New AI Model DeepSeek Is Threatening U.S. Dominance - CNBCAfrica.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimgFBVV95cUxOOUhxY2VGMUlKVUJLM0xPd1hXN1hyeXh5ZC1nQTB5SXQza3pHd0dwbDhrYnM0WGc0YzFRVHRaTk1ZZWVTTWRWVFRZXzAxTWl3dVNFaURaYndqU1hkNlQxQ1BtT2taeXowVFhiTVFMWGhXVm5yY0NkMjVLOS1UYnM4Q0paRWpmZFRudVZlUldheTI3TlNEeXI0U3Vn?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese AI Startup DeepSeek shocks scientists with low-cost open-source models - ecns
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidkFVX3lxTFAzcnNoVkFVcXJyME53VmxVS04wZnBKVW1LTjJhWmF4ZnBCcDhlYVBEVWFlNEZ0clJxTUsxbk5odHZUZVVsLU5ya1RmSTZkZk0zZGpsRFJKc3dEMy1ydUd6WVdNUGhrb3VIUXNnMEdYSW02bVRLVGc?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek dominates the App Store, and Chinese AI stirs up the overseas technology circle - PANews
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiaEFVX3lxTE9kVkVVemVCdzMxdkNONnNEZTJuVU44T1VpWUR0a05mejZTQXI2cnMyZHRDVUY3amZVeXpyeEY3ekxMUkNmVDhZNlBjYmlYaDZMY1QtTGt5VXF1dDhqRnR0clFMWEZJRjFi?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

The Guardian view on DeepSeek and a global AI race: geopolitics, innovation and the rise of chaos | Editorial - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi0gFBVV95cUxQendTTXZvTTFXNlFqZkhLd0d6bGF0amNXSlI3dG93NTBzTUhMOTR6M09udmhIX0NiMk44UjZQdjZtNWxGekV6NzJJa29vNDlwTExNNk1aWG8xc0FyeTkwM0JvLW1rWkRHTU9wc3pCRnRWcWVKcXJSMGF6alp6NmRXeE91NFFzVFFhc2RLc0w2c3F0LUt3MERVZWIxVlhYQU1id241VkdzcjNTSm43bVhOay1uV3BHckowZ3NnM3doUmpxb1g0dDEwUzJjTF9FTW9Lamc?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

AMD integrates DeepSeek-V3 model on Instinct MI300X GPUs - MSN
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 06:33:57 GMT

DeepSeek triggers decline in AI Agent sector, should we buy at the bottom or withdraw? - PANews
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiaEFVX3lxTE1wdlJoaXp0dVU0cTgwZHFjS2FUenJScVlrbDc5bllwckFxRVNlVHI0X196SzFOX1pGdC1kRUtxMjRaaGU3RDAwMl9aMnJsTjg5QlYtSEF2TlJ6NERVM216aXo5RWxnNnFf?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek R1 Explained: China’s ambitious answer to ChatGPT, Gemini, and why it is making waves - Moneycontrol
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Nvidia Stock Slides Overnight On Robinhood As China's DeepSeek Sparks Doubts Over GPU Spending Frenzy — Chamath Palihapitiya Highlights Report Indicating AI Holy Grail Cracked - Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG), Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) - Benzinga
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi4gFBVV95cUxNbDJqVkFObW9RWkNNdTJhZkphQ1I3UkhnV2pCVzRza2tjRFhaYzd2allYRnRRRWFGT1NIWWU5NXVkdzFlOENicmRvNU0xNEt0TkYxLWpKLUxqMGVfWWNHdVZPLW94SVBOQnRUVU83aXU1YllvREJzYlpYRkpObC1lMTJkenNlVFh6SEFXRE5TdllZbE5XaVRLYUZzQWN6WHBDeF9ma0VBSzMybVg5MlJIZW1rbk1ONFk0VXQzX1Mxb2dja0tIcFZxaDhXV0Jsczh0aEJKRW5WQmsxYWdtZDJJMkJR?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Japan’s Chip Shares Sink as DeepSeek Triggers Competition Fear - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigwFBVV95cUxPMldENUVaYVJhSzgtbVRMcWwzTlFTQ290dnF4ZHJSNnRCcUZpSVUyUEVuYlFxdWt4SzNFR1U1ZXVTT3ZYd3JWNEVvR0gtZTNRbTlyLTEwSWxjRXctSlhDT3ZwcEoxRkxoS1Y5MnI5RUxtMnNJWDBWREQzOFMxM2F1ZEpadw?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1 is taking the AI community by storm: 6 wild use cases - The Indian Express
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Is China surpassing the US in AI? Meta's chief AI scientist reacts to China's DeepSeek breakthrough - Hindustan Times
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Morning Bid: Monitoring dollar, DeepSeek and China's PMIs - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiAFBVV95cUxPN01jNDg0OWJlRVlIWU9Ld2xtYmRKQzBBcWRSSU5nMW1KSzlhMWMzaEh5Y0RCUmkwT1daOUYtQU9QSzRVM0ZLeFEyUk1SMThoUUVhbE5ULUJORE9SNmZ3RlNkWFZOT01Pc09KY19ucXlPWV9rN3d4aXVQUW1uM1FqTjJNY0w4ZTYw?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek: How China’s ChatGPT model is outpacing OpenAI in perfomance, innovation - The Financial Express
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisAFBVV95cUxOc2hCMF93WV9TeDdaR2JCMGVCNUdQSDd1dTRuTG5wc2xjLUNtZ2dRYXByWUk1UFJfcXlXUUxCc18xOUxqQ3g0US1ZSFJSdGZWVmlaZk9oNmVNdG8zYTRSelJfLTNtRVdRck5maWVWM3I1a2FFWTludHlUUmU3Q2NwSzZlM0dmR0x4ZzBLZlNVMzVhYkpSOUFfLTJsYU5MejhuRjk1RlB3RzZIVGNOTExZcA?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Testing DeepSeek: How the new Chinese AI model stacks up against ChatGPT and Google Gemini - Moneycontrol
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China's DeepSeek AI model challenges US dominance amid sanctions - The Express Tribune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxOSV84dkZ2eDk5LUxFRTBQd2x0cXlHUDFVaEcxQXJFRUhFSUNmU09wYUZhNHFzM3hLRG9kU0tXV2xZQkRtb0hNMThDN3Z6NUNlZGVPVjNIMWhWa0IyM19waDhDelQwTGwyc3YyV3J1WHNwWGJRaFNkTzFyVk90dm53bDRQVk5Ma1FydXlYdUlTdmpYTmdwUkxteUFEVzAzS0RQUXfSAaoBQVVfeXFMT1JiR0ZXMlBRWEQ2aXI1dXNHTUF0MWYxNnJBM1NPNXVsWDh2aWRwbEdESHFidWQyeHV3NDgtVzZzN0dQS3hHeW9BVkVJTUdvR1hVX2M5TGZOZUE1V0tncVdUNkMwcjNVX3ZVbnQ1UXpKYWxFZVlrWlNUaDUxMFJXZDhKOG9SWW9QeXBqQy1YMFhaeTNHMjlSMHhFeUVMcEhaV3FSb0RtaENpV1E?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek's new AI assistant app is the top free app on the Apple App Store, ahead of ChatGPT - TweakTown
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixgFBVV95cUxOOWtDNFlvSE5RcE4zallFTGF0MkV5TFgtNmlOVE9RWjZMWmVCeWFVeW8zUzdfU3I3ek9kVmRKTDRwamhUSHc4OUVsUW9WWFQ5VGxyWWxUT09LYzFKd1V2MmpjR3hpYzU2Y1IyQ2dJWlZoN2ZCZ3lNaTgtNWZvOWFrX2MtQm9xQ01hNWI5cFFnelh0aThlTFpzeE1sdVJ4Q05SSzRuQUg3Z0tubkJLd2ZwdjFkdFNHTko2T0NZQ2lkT2o0ZVdJbUE?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Rudyard Griffiths: World, meet DeepSeek, China’s AI answer to American tech domination - The Hub
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivgFBVV95cUxOY3hZSEtIMXRSd1JNYXo3TjRYUnJsVUdqYko3T3dkbzM3TEdzQWZkSmk5QWx2dUlRTVNWc05yVEo2RFR2VFZQWGdpeEhpX0Z2VzRCaGFjUGRaV0pXcHFQU3c4SWNHS0twV1ZrN2NDZEs4UXVwZ1RoNDhrYm5aa3laaVhJYWM5TG5lOXJfS3owOUl2RHd0dFYtMWMwc0U1RkZTU200UlVlVWJBSTJMaTk2NkpoYjVUa1d5Tko1dFR3?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Silicon Valley Is Raving About DeepSeek, a Made-in-China AI Model - The Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilwFBVV95cUxOcGUySHJHUW56cjJiQUtTS2NhUkFuOEtaN2JlN0Z0dGZldUdzc2c3SUVCZ2V5OGdxT0RBNHl5Z2NydG9McEF1c3NObzU0YTk2ekNDYmtjaEdMbC05bkVrSnJEVWlWejRtbjVPNWN6YWNvRWN1SlJiY1djUHVNYU9uQjQ2dFBiSE5ieVVjeFFPOVVVa1FDSHdv?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek R1 on Raspbery Pi: Future of offline AI in 2025? - Digit
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinwFBVV95cUxPeFJ1Q1FFd3VEbHRwdVRVbURoZW15R2RENUlYOUlMeHRFWVducm5Zd3N3MzdLaGFKTURIZ3E0b20xSGZ3YU1Bb1U0alFQZGlVZ0FOc0VRSW84dkdaV2JSOEQ0a1BpNEhnbGJGOHp4dnJuWEVYUUtNRXEzQjZKSDRMMUM4YktTMVRLRV81SjY0S2NGMTc3a1hHSjU3RkdSeWfSAaYBQVVfeXFMTVptSEtjaUNwMGNOU1pkcVdGb0xiZHRBTU16S0s2VE1Pb3Npb2dEY1MyaU5SaUVKaW1jSmNVUEJncHRHejFxUWNucFg5cHFhRjIwN3kwdVZJWVVrZWpkSVBzWEc4dTdfTTVyTHNwcmRGTC14cW1pMzBSckE4MkZ5UEc5LXBrMV9FR0JvYnNEMzRlbS1QcDUwS2sxaEctNzc4eWNNaFVjdw?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Watch China's DeepSeek Showcases Tech Advance Despite US Curbs - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisAFBVV95cUxOOVFkdkowdlF5eXI5NDN3S1J3MlhlVkRSRlZZeWl6RDVuLVpJQ0xVSVcwWUNmdUUwTkN2cFRXQWtDb1ZObV95V2x2N2ZTbmItbEgxLW96aHVjaW5VaXM4LXRqOExqVTB3WTV2c3pEUGJEWXZWbndSc2pPMVlHWnRtTFFpUTczN3dldGVNM05GbEJteTRCLS1DWkxDeUdnM1hqYjc5dDE4ZkJLQ0VZcXVFaA?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How China’s DeepSeek-V3 AI model challenges OpenAI’s dominance - The Indian Express
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

🧠 Tinyzero: Berkeley Researchers Reproduce Deepseek R1-Zero With Extreme Low-Cost - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxQRE9QVzg1a190bkJETThQQ1NwaXVzcEU1WGF6NURwaHJ6RFI5V29LQUg2a0tVaGJjNElQMFJ6TDFiZ0hTRGVmaU1pNTV6alhBcWJOVTJVYnM5cFFseGV5NlJkcE5CbHVrRVlRZ1ZwQkVjSXotM1BxZm1OdUx0bHFreQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Stock market today: S&P 500 slumps as China's DeepSeek AI threat rocks big tech - Investing.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMizgFBVV95cUxPSVJKZmxjMkJhMC1XQjgyOG5XWTdHSkpMMDF5em5JaHhZUnlzeEk0Z3ZOVEx0R0djNUVFTkFOaW5oWHdOajRTNjFPR3NOTjFXRFM3MjZnVnNyR1Y5TlNEX2ZhR2pwWTZfZ2NZelB5ODJ4enhkOWJTRnJVcERfRGZXNURkTjJfTlNINVBqOGYzUnpua3hmVll5XzRJNUM5bTl3aFRzNjAxNFc4bk1fM3ZsLUwzNGVSSHIxMHp4aGlHR1oyeXM1LTRnZVlxYXlNZw?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Quick Thoughts On DeepSeek (NASDAQ:META) - Seeking Alpha
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiowFBVV95cUxOZEVHSlc1VnlyNHk3S1MzQThEaGhoQ0lNTzVOQm1felA5QkJ4MDU4OUs2eHI3WTQ4VEF6Y1NVRWVIRk02Vzl2eDZPQzcyWmJDd3Y5cF81MGQ0VjJzVGd5NjRReHJoVzZLWWVMR24zNkQwRF94Y1RvbThTQmVrelp6RUF2M0VFZzdmcHRTS3hieVZ0VWZNazRJWjhMZFMxZVE1Z3dz?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek official website crashed, suspected to be due to server busy - PANews
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiaEFVX3lxTE56dTFJeDN3VkNRMklHS3RYal9ERDZZOHlJNzNpOGd2LUwzc0ZaSGY2MWRzZW95emRHWFJZVmhLdUx0VTVVZFY3TXNmQWNIeEJya1BDYTdCM2Y0TkdFT0hBWnZ4Yk15RDJK?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Oil prices drop 2% as stocks tank on China's DeepSeek news - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimgFBVV95cUxPM09jZnlXemRZdkJwdGhpMWdSTmlFLUtqYUthSWFEem01S2xqOXBpem9ET2ltaEZTc3djTUZ0QzZLUU5HSW1melZlUnlnRkFWejRhYVBjV1B1WlAzVF9tUW9rd0J0RHl3Wkd4MXhMQ0VOR3NPNkJ1QkpOd19TdGdJX2JJLS1CLXhvcU5heE9QcW1aVkVBUE43ZUZB0gGfAUFVX3lxTFBGNk9LZkhpcTE3T1J0ck5wTFlUemFWbldKb1prZ3lTaW9KRHVCWkgzazNiWld0blNrWm91dmlBdkRZdW80SnJ4d3RUd0h4T3diZzl3Qkx4NEhPdDhMd3Fsa3JkSTBNM2dlUkdVVXhOb2Z1dngxdGlBWmZRZGZXUnFOM2dXV3oxc0lVV1NOeWJZTVZEWDBtM1BrbU1DZE4zdw?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China's DeepSeek Tops iPhone Downloads and Spurs AI Selloff - Financial Post
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipgFBVV95cUxQNUlUMDlVcGstSmU2ZTRva1VUemt3bERNN3FJQ2lFTjhMSDV5Wk4yQ2loMmdmSHJBT1VBN1laVFBIeVNDVU16bDRUeFU1R1UwckhEdlRzR3V3QTBoVEF4Q1pPdUVyY3ZnZ1ptbW1QX0c2SlZpcklMcUdyQ2lqMk03VldBYnY3NWJJY2tXS0NjNVFrUEVfRlFuaXJfVXJnYmpUUGhJVXVn?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Asia Day Ahead: China’s DeepSeek in focus - IG
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxNTTQxT21UQUdHdTcxZ2t3Q29OQ0RWZ01GYjV5ei1LR00wUGJLdVhNUnBIOXEyMHdRSms1aHZDX0xtN0FrYkx4ZkFjalR0Rm5CYmVRZ0Qya0JIN19KeFV3UjFxUGQ2WXBoMDNaOHQ2cW5sd0RydVN3VHd5U0JUd2JPTEl1cXVhcEJHdl9FUHMzU1ZKcmdkV3Rmag?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Bitcoin Dives to Under $99K as DeepSeek, FOMC Steal Trump Effect - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihAFBVV95cUxOaHJmTUxKUXdxeEtBMURZTWlwem5icjRITU1EanNTUi1TYWx1RENQRkJsOHZBNG9iblZFMkRZZEpaTjBpeFAtamhKeHgtaG9CeEdBdFpESGZnTzM2M2Rldi1id25UdTVNZ0U3VU1JXzEzdGhtOUdTLXBRNXA5SmhReE5hQzg?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese LLM DeepSeek-R1 threatens to disrupt US AI dominance with open-source solution - BusinessLine
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek's Geopolitical Impacts - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxPRDFXOXd1T2tVWDJGUkl6bkVvWlNSd05QTWlBcEttWm5TUng5eWNLZ0pLenBvRUhYeUNLbDZRclMzUVM4Z3E4SUZsZG5NQWowS2s3RjNuamUzNVc1OXZUY2FnV3Z4ekZPTkhDSk1ka2pOVUhELURrdGJrMnBmZGFvdA?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How DeepSeek R1 Surpasses ChatGPT o1 Under Sanctions, Redefining AI Efficiency Using Only 2,048 GPUs - NewsBreak
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi9gFBVV95cUxOREttQm4zb05VaXE4VnVNOGo2YlQxOTVHVjlUSm9xazZ0QWF3aFJMX0Z6WnoxeTNONkhROFJIQVpDRkdSbVpKdWVvdTk2X2o2RkJpaGRnUkVZX2V1Rm5WVVZubFZ3NGY0QXczSmJsN2tBaGVlM0VmdmVwSnllTmQ1U29HQjJFT0xWMnRwbVdxSDhidEhNMUwwYzE1Q3ZLbUpoNEpmSW9yR3RDZXVOdThRTmxwQ1pjUWVGbi05Q1FKZkRXVk9mbDZ1ZlkzZTk4X1pmNC1BaFV3eWp5VzMxbzFSRTVKVmpqaGVRLTByclgwSW9JWXkzSkE?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 20:41:18 GMT

NVDA stock, NQ futures have both slipped on a steaming pile of DeepSeek - ForexLive
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Nvidia, Broadcom Among Tech Stocks to Sink on DeepSeek Threat - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi1gFBVV95cUxPbmhtaEQ3WTE2OHZWbmJMY0lLbDJzR2JHVVA3S2NBZUpjUlpLdHNCTzJfYWcxOVJac0tsdWlSS241Mm9NMWJEMjQzOHlKYmpucEdvbTVDWjRfZGk1U3NDYVRISGxEaG8xb3FicW00MC15LW1aLWpkSk9WY0xNVlFUWVJkMUk5TGxoVFBVWlh2SVZtcFZrdDNLb1B1YTJHZ1BQSTBwWGdpR0oyYTl5cUVrMEtydEJHS2pWR2tEaWNCWVdkY2JqeTZSZVFJMmFvdkdUUldJS0Nn?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Deepseek puts pressure on Meta with open source AI models at a fraction of the cost - THE DECODER
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirAFBVV95cUxNa3pxeFdCMmU3ZUc1bXZoQjRPZDF6TFRCb2JOOVF0UXUtVllrbkNQY0FKTmhmem9uNlVJblJHdENOeWVxbVVrUmRtdTI5MzZnNTAzSXlYakZ2eWxpajdtbWpyZW90UXZqY3h6NWNib19sbk83MmxlTWdxTFphMnhqU2NfSkhuREJZX0IwcU5abjlZM28ybzJCY1JfM1c0cmsybVJxT0N6NURGcEpB?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 10:38:21 GMT

DeepSeek R1 Disrupts AI Industry, Challenging OpenAI's Dominance - Evrim Ağacı
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinAFBVV95cUxOTkdnWWN3N2RBVzMxTi1PLXRsZ2l4cXBVTDhoVHF5ZVNMQXVEd3g5OHN6QjZ4aHhkMTJMYVQ4VjB2R2l6aE52Z2FfS2Y4cm9xOHNVYjVhTHpUNFFoeVNScnV2RU9NZEFyZ0xKaW5sZkVpMWFSMjlxZTIzS3gxMHozSFVZaVAtUHpGMllCT0RmVmdqQWpyZGtpUWZJWnQ?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI Models Shake Up Tech Industry - Evrim Ağacı
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxNSHNsZndqNmtMUWoyeDB2dzY4RTF0WnY4Qy12Y1FPYTRhUWdESUlLd2UxR3hWWXhqUHB2dE42djlkQ0lJVEN2TVppX1pIV0RpdXd3ZnB5NUlsZWxZTjhSODl1N1g2d2lHRHpqMGRhRGNCemo3TUJhUFFTQ2FoM2E4bA?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Watch China’s DeepSeek Is ‘Very Interesting Turn’: Capital.com - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirAFBVV95cUxQc0loM2d2dnIxMVA5RC1rcjYtOGhHYUV2SkdubUN6YlV4M2tNZUphaml5VzN6WjVvVzJWSkNPemg4dnZNUlUtN1JSSV9aR3ZyRjlQWWtyX2RQZGs4LThzaTlOYW0xR21PMDJmMGFFOVNvZ21PWWtFVU5CaVVNMXdYbWFoeFNLbUpmRlUxN1ZqRURLUlRkUloyb3hvaWs4cmRTZG1wak91eVpkN2gw?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese start-up DeepSeek challenges global AI giant OpenAI - Eurasia Business News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipgFBVV95cUxQU1FuV0h0em5xRUxPc1lfdFJZRFFlckVESWNZZURRb2IyclYxejgtZVotQXNhekJzaHRNLTNMMllxb0VZWV85ZkpCYjNHTXVhVl8yMjl0eHo3S0Uxa25yRUR0M2ZGWEswd0luTm9MejRsRmpFNGFSY2gtZnF3OF8zRnhLTjVMd1hIdDZXdUsta3l5MExGNXZtWUtpWUdzRW5hN2t1eWhB?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek R1 AI Model Outshines US Rivals - Evrim Ağacı
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMif0FVX3lxTE1WRTAydU51QU5SY0V5R0JvT0R4QnBWOURTZ01CTElMU2kxaGVqeVhIRDA1clJQQ0NTUC04OGxyWUJsMDZhd1ZZQmRlWHE5enhIdDhfYzhiY0lvU3AxRXpxd1drSklqT1NFZXlvNk1XNV83VlZFdjhTN3IzbkRBcHM?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Meta's chief AI scientist says DeepSeek's success shows that 'open source models are surpassing proprietary ones' - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi8wFBVV95cUxOR041WVFQck5QLTNYZlpjTkcwbFdOeURaNXcySGdIWTRmeUYtS3dCV0FLTHdFa2d3dlJINWlNb2lNckV4NS1BRnJILXhnelQ0enF3d3JvNEZOUXZENHRQTDB1S1JwaWhrdFJIU3ZSaFlUUGpYY1JoUGZCd0szbWVBSFV5YTNqWTNQNTZNV09tNWk0Y19Hb0NLTVBtQ3AtajBJQlNucGRXR0hfbmFmdzJjN1Y3YlZzdmd0MVBtSmdqSjJuWktWNjdxdUg5SUFNWUphOHJfaGtXcFZ0THd1MFIzQlVCRFRnUnE3bjctalFMQld1QTQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 19:51:28 GMT

Is Deepseek A Mirror or Mirage? - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxONUhubFlZcFhUVVd3ZkhlV25MdGRka3NrS2hIek5jdjkzTzdQZmFiRUFkaV9DLW9EVFc2dHZlLW9OT19GQTllM2dQUGVFbXRnd2xfY0NTZFRRSkdCOGFYUTNKN0dmbWRoTXdJX2VtNjRyT0swNHhzb21kM2JRTEg4RQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Low-cost AI Breakthrough : DeepSeek R1 Outpaces OpenAI With Unmatched Accessibility - Cointribune EN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijgFBVV95cUxNaE5jcU11OFoxdW9Jd3dBODBjZEwtNTJUcEd4RTlGekFjSVQtNENQdENaQTh3dTBGNlpjSU14UGdwUFZ6T0hxR0dKUXlWZ2doOXZVNFFzUkVWN043em9LTUp5dzFXclNQZFVYUmVoY21LZC1hMmR1MWczdEdsUVNqOHRlMjhNbFB6TUlhbml3?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek R1 Surges Amid Server Setbacks - Evrim Ağacı
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifkFVX3lxTE1MMHRCX3J3aENrZVhwNEluRU8xci1nM1FjdEMtd3Q0bG1zM3p2WUNpQk5aVXYyRU9WQTRpZ0xhWVlBVzdSMlVvWDdBaGtVdFhxVHpQbV8yX3czamFVY3pCeFdGXzF1aDNzRUhDSEdoNi0yY1pKd2w1T2M0dFJTQQ?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China’s DeepSeek outpaces ChatGPT in downloads on Apple App Store - TradingView
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivwFBVV95cUxNMnZ3REo4em5HeVZGM3FlQ2xSYWRGS2FHOHJQeHNBWXdjNkdVZmd2WTlfNjg4QmcyR2pocks2aU5Udm1IbHdwWS1YOW5OUWh1LWU1TUlQcmJDNUMwN08xUGdIX3Q4eFlUMEVfeUF1UjY4Umx3azJTVHNjaEJYd3Y0N1hpQXdtdHVzY2hKaGFhcmRpQVhHMUd3VU9NUGd3UVlUTzhRanVkYVFXUkdJY2Zta2tUWnFpdXpRVWtzS0VINA?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

🔮 The Sunday edition #508: Stargate & DeepSeek R-1; AI enzymes; kitchen fusion, photosynthesis in orbit & E(I)V ecosystems ++ - Exponential View
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiUEFVX3lxTE04SHZwXzdOVlJhazUtcmhtaUdySGttdVRFQ1ZWVzk0NkQ1T1RqYl9ZU2MwVkZLODhEUWFYSzlCV1RMRnVqQmNUTDhOanNGQ1RO?oc=5
Published: Sat, 25 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese AI app DeepSeek tops App Store charts - baha news
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilAFBVV95cUxNYVNpTUpvRXFnZEFORHVJQTU1ejUtcC1lVVBWUG9fRzhCTG52cDl5YWgzQklscjZxNFZ5SlpfYWtIZHdlQmxja3EzVUtTUUdWc1ZfZmg3M3pJVEZzT3lEbTVDX0c0SG16VjBBbktKNUt6V3FTT19JaUJxSENDY25GUWlGR2JvVDRBMEZtR0phdmFjQWdy?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek dominates the App Store charts, a week when Chinese AI caused an earthquake in the US technology circle - Binance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiY0FVX3lxTFBWdVZzTzlJRm5FQjZTUGgxZmJLUWFmSHdsV2VtbXJxMVJocUc5djU2YVJXVmFtMFo1LVhkYUdBSGw5bTJYb0RCQnZZRDZuRFVsSmNWa3ZrWEN6M3I1VjFmZ1FUWQ?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Worries Drive Yen and Swiss Franc Higher, Dollar Drops - U.S News & World Report Money
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivAFBVV95cUxPbGswRXhaSG5NZEw4TlpGTl9wNTJnc0luVS1PempLZlgycHJIaVRabXhndVY2aTItZzNMRmZ1cFlPU192ckRPeWRrdDdveFE5bm1EbXFwQlNqMUNBSTF5ZFF0bW9TcDd2RkpwYXZjTG9hcTJRRHNrcHdDN0Z0Qzc4SlF5YXlsYzgzT3NVdzVZNkk2RjlSUnQ2NEdpM0hfUndNYk5qdU5jaTV3RlpEdUhHRXd6ZUNPZDhOTGxyUQ?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Bitcoin dips below $100K as DeepSeek stirs market - baha news
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxORXBEcVlneWcxYlBkRGFwMVhGN3JJR0o0MDZuU1kxVURiQkhISHRILW0zT0FTelNJekl2S1J2MkVwSDdVZ0RLMC1sVjQ3UDFKOEZ2UzkyczFLVzBwQkthVDB5eGctUE14MHZtRy1yLTE1NzBTTFZTOF8wMUx3ejBWZzF6bnF1U0ZJQTNnbHNla2FpSkNhN2dvVXNGM0RWdUhz?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek surpasses ChatGPT and tops Apple's free APP download rankings in the United States - PANews
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiaEFVX3lxTE5kT0ZyYjFHQTg3Rk5iNmhZZ0pnaVJGWGotVzZtcE5TSFBORms3anFUUVR3MldZMnY0dk1VZFVJeXQ1ZXlRUk9ySkVVcE9PbTlBLWgySWlrUnNwa0NJNVh1TkVOemR0dDBX?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

SPX pushing higher, but deepseek - FXStreet
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihAFBVV95cUxOLVV3bmZ2enZvTFZUVlB3MTdYUm5lel90b1VmTUp2bmdLNGNmRndITTU2eVlpd3FmUkNObEJ5TDJHNE1MZmRGUEJjajdqX2R4TmpFOHlFVGJKbzliOXV6U3MzTFJKdVBaNENVbnpLUlpVMU54QkNnRVVEZnhULTFlRy1RX1XSAYoBQVVfeXFMUF90dGt2YldObjRNOVVmZXZEeWp3NUpJVkNyRjlsaGo4bzRTQVJNaVlFWlZmcUh1S2VTU0tETllPT1FTNmhsdXhtY1FaNnRZSDJRRzZseWVTeDFPZ09yQ0owMHZpTnpud293c1NqZDVZQTRLM0oxSjZqSUtIc2VBRGZmOUlEMkxHZ3h3?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek hit by cyberattack as users flock to Chinese AI startup - Global Banking And Finance Review
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitAFBVV95cUxOMFIyeVVwQzNtMHRoWUxjX3J0SXh4UkhsenZ4aUFlblVTT2QzcXMtTW1BZ1F1c3F6SnhLZXVLMDdmY3M0M3c4Y2hBWmprSTd4cHo3ZFIwOWhiLWozcVJ0Z0RLQ1Y3NFJ0emxVODhrMExMXzNORU8wS2o2cXkwSGppTkRuc2N2MFM5RnNPR2tLOXNFdGh0bC1QeFZlZFRKeUFUTzBTNnRTRk1hWWdYN2tZMWF6V2U?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What is DeepSeek, the Chinese AI company upending the stock market? - The Associated Press
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigwFBVV95cUxPbE9yeWwzWTdzX2xHblNnTTRoRkRBTnpJYWhVS1Zob1k5anBFTG1tbWxSaFpIY1daVVp5a2xfTnc2Rm5TY0ZfY282RVF4ZGwwOVBpNmZlWlJVcVZkR3I1bVZZU1RkT0V1M0pORnBoUWFUbkZmOXV0bXE3T2NKM1pPNWRyQQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek sparks AI stock selloff; Nvidia posts record market-cap loss - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijwFBVV95cUxNZEJpWmFPYUFwV3cxMHpMZTlqNFlLR1NWU1czeTdrUFlrNUdhMVUzOTNDcEJGbGxndDVpQ0xpc3pJN0R5blN3Um5CSF9Wa3lFTHduUUpfNnE1UlNzVUNNMTE5LVdyYjFORWRMZ3JUUnBzNkFhUVBXTWowVzIxOHB2UGlRMExsZk16RTNqalRvUQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What is DeepSeek, the Chinese AI startup that shook the tech world? - CNN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMid0FVX3lxTFB6azVEWnhaVVN1ajRQLVIxc05ab241WmFaSGtzTWRIVmxWR1NsMHdmVVhaNDJIcjZHRDllS0NOdTRwOGJoOVUxaHRzWFFWM0Q5cGhGckNOOHduYW9tXzBiQnVWZFRhNl9FNnZvVW0tQzZfNkhrQXhv0gFuQVVfeXFMTkxUYVFRM2JfQ01Gb3AyaE50TG9rZ0ZPWE9tSG44MVhXckhILVp1QW1CZmlEMnRERlNpaGtaS1BSelBuLV9NakVfUlVkOF9xV3JhTXZ4aUVhWUVvSkx4TlAxcy1nUk9UeThNMF93bGc?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How Chinese A.I. Start-Up DeepSeek Is Competing With Silicon Valley Giants - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMif0FVX3lxTFB6QlVNTUpJTkVuMWxNWGE1UldTVnFwTmo4cExIZG5uMGRDNm5DUnBMa3ZCSkd2VWllajNQQWc0VjEtTUgwZkFENFV3N3pWS3BKSjk3VE1lRVRWUDV2VW5IVWZwQjFlYWMzM2hSaXJlcGlUeGxPZDF0Q25rNHhYZWc?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

🏮DeepSeek: everything you need to know right now. - Exponential View
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMieEFVX3lxTE5RZ0JPSVdVZU9wcWhGdTRSR25YUWZ4bll1dXpHUjczTmRSaTRsSnpxV3lmRFpwNEJTT2FWRWdZRDNZQmhmMl9fd3ZzeWNYbWlwYjVQRm42TXNNMkM5djdEcWtQLWJVbGk4QXRBZEVOT3ZhRWMtd1lqVg?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What Is DeepSeek? New Chinese AI Startup Rivals OpenAI—And Claims It’s Far Cheaper - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMizwFBVV95cUxQZnYtUE5lU3hHb1h2TkJ4S3hEdWRKZWI5bVBRb3RYUzRfcDRNZ09tRlJWUVlUMjZFMVd2emQtRlpCbXd4UWtKM0lSVHdROS1PaFRUcDcxYWVPc1dRMDl6aVJrQnlLdTdSS0ZQMVQ3WlZFdGJFTFhFMV9jRTJGSzNjMU9CejRBVHdrQ3ZsQlpDRXltb0FBa3lvWWR1RUdILTFHX2UxM19aNnRyS09jbjNOQjVqWk9qUTVnOFlXU25zSUlIaWRaTlhjZlo2VTNpNk0?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What is DeepSeek? The AI chatbot is topping app store charts - ABC News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimwFBVV95cUxPdzh2U08xWHd2QjI3QVpoOWI3UU1DVzh3M1UwWkFGSEJiREdibjR4S1FJem80Yk9pMEg3XzBOblk4a2Y3eHc2QUpJa0t3c2Z6WTZLVXdoeUZaVXBDVmJ1dmhJMlduNFpxa3F4MmZsVnhCS25xeUZ6V0hnVVNITFlIbmUwcjBnWUY0RmRiem9QSHdrWUZsZ1gxU1hkVdIBoAFBVV95cUxPT044LUZrMzJJVnYwTndZbWFEVDJCT2lLUXhwR3JaeE1YYlJQWjJqTTF2T3ZCMU9LdE44b2QzY244TVBUc3Rwb014MFRjTThCWWRCNGljUnRMOHdvaGN6LTNZYXd4cVEwODlOS0U1MkZQNW5IcEpxVG9mYUdTaDZWNXRiRVhsa0Y3RS0xOUQtaC1qSjJjczgxX2szUnR6RWpw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Will DeepSeek Burst VC’s AI Bubble? - Crunchbase News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMickFVX3lxTFBVbUJMV2dhdVV0bkhPb19kcHJ1X3Ryb0huV1djdHZUVU9ncEVNaWpyVkhvZ0VVb0dkWW9ISm1QYXFrRHJlb0szbXJ3Z2I5ekg3MUplXzhHcGNiWXFmdGMxTnJWZlIzS05qYWZLd0pVN002dw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI: How to try DeepSeek R1 right now - Mashable
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMieEFVX3lxTE5Td2NxSnJUS0JOd1Y5MjA0ODhpNEdrUnFPeGFYVG95bkxvUUp6cXd4WDl0MWtyekx0WkhTakhyNUl5cklCZVQ1dmVzdHNlZ0tYb1hETUJmWlhhZUVnQ1NoR050NVItRl9VVkdFZ21oU2hDNG1mSjdXYQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What Is DeepSeek, the New Chinese OpenAI Rival? - TIME
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihwFBVV95cUxNejFXUnB0OGhEaUQ0MjQ1dGlXcWVQak5tLTh4ek1yUHBIY2FuSGdmN0k2U21DY1RLQmllQjhJV09aZF9tVHVieW5pUHJuMW5YcEVicFNvZlRHMEM2ZkczUEtkbHlKZWQ1NGdwMW4ycTNEZzNJemZJLXgwMlRRNHhqRXVxT1pIRzg?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What Is DeepSeek? China’s New AI Is Now Open-Source - Tech.co
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiTkFVX3lxTE1wLU55MGFuRDlhWldMTlVTN3NjUWxmLUVxZjBZSGc4bW93NXRDa01qeFNpMDR1THlPUjFrbVRTd0ZMaWttYUtra2dZeEljQQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Examining hype about Chinese AI startup DeepSeek - TechTarget
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirgFBVV95cUxNSi1qNWU3LWZtWS1waUhkUVl5dGt0VXdoRU4ydlcxZHh3NGEyUTAwUVdYSU80ejR5UkJpclRBTWNIRFlvMTk0NGtrWjRjazRoZkdvSnJVSnZtVVctcFhfTXRoUTR2R00xY295V0E2ZkcxZ1JWbnlxVlNsQ3l4STFocXZoVUJLUVlkWWhvYlVuNnN6QTRKR1dzNDZab3ExSHFoV3R3cHI4TWRKV0pHaGc?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Nvidia shares sink as Chinese AI app DeepSeek spooks US markets - BBC.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiWkFVX3lxTE9oSFlUdEcyNWFRZk8wb1MwS2xrT253SS1IRkU3WTFoNTBQcFJEaXFOMEJIUmpMeDAyV3Y0am4wQlljWk1DakdvSk9STmVYMkhQZTY2NW1BQWFwd9IBX0FVX3lxTE82dnllNW8xUVQ5M2IwT0kteWZsR0ptMHNvN3VTM3YxbTFTWVFoTUs4alB1c1hFWXMySUhRaVcwLVhKeFZpR3I3RjRMS1pQdFEtR3F1VHh4dFB0VGYyYWVz?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek hit by cyberattack as users flock to Chinese AI startup - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMizAFBVV95cUxOamdmWlhseUZkQzRSUk90d01VQ2piRHFTVzJPM1ZFVlJZVkFUTzNNTkNZSlhzb19fWUxBcm1rSTFsbWk2ay0xYk5OVVdxamQydHAtTWhWREgtS2p2NmpjNHlBS09WX0c3cGlzQmJfUEI1a19jZXJUcGIwQWx5UTF4aW5Eb1ZGUnoweGtYT2pQMUR3czJ4aXlIbnk4S2szbi1wRGFnMGE4cWVOOVA4Tk1YRngyRWFhY0dfS0JmblhfblI3clktaXZUV1A5WUw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What to Know About DeepSeek and How It Is Upending A.I. - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiggFBVV95cUxQTEpPc0syVm1OVHFrUDJVQWE4cFRoWVZDV0k3YlZET1ZwVlFhWW05aVlLZVoxbGxRUFdiSzQ1ZE00UXp0ak93ZzBNYzhmblpFNUhHRUlITXp6dHlLQXRTYy1DaTdRaVY0cTBSdFNTdldPbTJNUGxQblNrUlhPcG1lWlJR?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

A shocking Chinese AI advancement called DeepSeek is sending US stocks plunging - CNN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMie0FVX3lxTE9fbHVUYjJpTEFsWThfYkF0X1JQSFhmVWpmR1hBQmw4ZE93Z3BESGg5OEt3LU85Z1NvRDJ4UEhSRDZzMGdTZGZwSFJfYkp1S3cteV9HTHY3QloySHVkTFhSeGdrX1psTHNMSFYzTUVJbE9VUmVNQWFrb052MNIBckFVX3lxTE5yMi1XaDU2bklXd0ZvOThTVlFDX295TjhwckVtdG5KcW1QMUhGbGo5NmNHOGdtc3FKMWNBdTZhYmlkYzQ2YUpRS0pQbHdCVXI3RjhLeVRLN1g3Yk9UXzFZTGhXakEzODhyb3UwT0VWUHRDUQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

All About DeepSeek — The Chinese AI Startup Challenging US Big Tech - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivwFBVV95cUxQYXJTd05wdEo4SmlZb1NBWWV0MFV5V1ZxZGNaSWVDRGVoZG1FcG9wbVh0SnhhR1lmT3BhVXJnMGpmbHZycC1fVl9DeTNpemVnRWV2MTZkNTF4ZG01SFEwc05oaVphNVpoNUlFVjV5QmRILWZhSjFOVmMtZVdvMmU5VmN3U25adW9LeDA5QVpWTHFlRmJSbDRxUXhTRHlwTkc4YnFfVjd4RnJlY0xPcW5vUW9UMHFEOGJtdGFXbmRXYw?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

First Impressions of DeepSeek’s A.I. Chatbot - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikgFBVV95cUxPZTJ4Y0pvTTVIald4N3NVQlhpLUFVTDhaUFNWaTNDQVpzMTktV25lM0h5X3VQeDlBVzBaR1lUcHdJNzZrUzFEY2hCZ21lNzJXQ0ZBMHVVVXpqYjkxYXpZMHl0RXZDQnhLVVdOalUxVXRnRUtOLVhENTBqdDRwVS1aUF9Za0JPc3JNeV8yLTlDQUc4dw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China's DeepSeek AI rattles Wall Street, but questions remain - VOA Asia
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxQT3BCbm0yMmVKSEQ2ZVpXbnVSalpfZDJKODJQajNTcGhOU0xYWVBveTVFUFNtRVRqcjlxa1N6MGppbGhqbm9WT2hwQkNrTUF0Ni1XVWZySk1sYWFwMThHQ0dLZXNhMV9HUldkV1hZZE9UZTR0QzY3eFJwLVN3QnNLdGVockxPZXJEWkw4VnY5UVA5TEkzeEVYbHpBR19DczZ6S2fSAaQBQVVfeXFMT3o4cXJmc1FVZ2pGbXR4c2pYZXI3MHlLRkt2WVlCQkhMQzhSckUwSFFYbG9ETG5nd1BQZ3ZnUDIzcXM0SU5ETkxjUEJ5dVhqMEp1dkVaZ245TktfbHhETTYwQzFnOHB6Znp3TUNGeGplM3hmc3BhbTdiNmhUbFVDbjU1bTY0ZzFrT3Y0RFVYNjA4aEgwU0NNdDc0S2FkQ3FiektOV3I?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek R1 Stuns the AI World - HPCwire
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidEFVX3lxTFA2X0l2OUM1a3ZNU3A5SUIzVXJPNzF5UlZrb0dBZkJOcXBPQVZ5RktITXhRMHYwX0Mza1kxcDVVZWlIX2tUU200NjBsS1Q4ZnpXWlNCWmlYR05QdW1XVjlqQUMzSm5LT1p1MHRDVjdtaDJpY05E?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why DeepSeek’s AI Model Just Became the Top-Rated App in the U.S. - Scientific American
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxQTHFHV3RibU1PZWVQMzkwS3IxZ3ZzMTVmVU1SZHQ3bW9SRU1iV2QyVEQ3Z2RHYnpnR0pLS0JnSmY1a0FzaXY1amp0R29iQW1xNld4VVIwXzNiTFZTTXppUzhjdVhPdmh2eUtVZ21PWnRlbXhERERleVRvcnVERVUxNHBIUmNQVlpjZkdKWjNLbXkwNlhCN2lsVXlhSUVkMHVxZkJRcVRyOHMwQ3c?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How Did DeepSeek Train Its AI Model On A Lot Less – And Crippled – Hardware? - The Next Platform
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Stunning breakthroughs from China's DeepSeek AI alarm U.S. rivals - Axios
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMieEFVX3lxTFBvWjZucV9RRVgwZVB3YkFrRlo3WS1DQXdqWVNUS0tOS1doekRVSHVVR3NrSjE4QzFSVm9yaTBiSFRFa3dFZjJTLTZBY2V0MDR2N21xcE9EdTl2bERXeGJMT3c5SHJyTWhMajFZV05zd1ViSGN5aU5TbQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek sends a shockwave through markets - The Economist
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikgFBVV95cUxPeG1wRlRpLVRqN3FmNE9jb194YVNfNjA3T3RsR3JIaXY1aUNTU2RIOVVLQmxpd2NjNC1KTmpDNDJlVXdpQkhjZTA1Ymh5OEN6a0FDZmwyRzBPcG1DemxMSHRNdU1LSGdvMWVEMDRST3ctcHdHTjlKc244dTluM0E1SnZfd29mcjZfQ3pkbXBkeV96dw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek is limiting sign-ups after a 'large-scale' cyberattack - Quartz
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiAFBVV95cUxNdnVVMTREOGJucFAzZUU2S2RSV0dYR3VxdGdhVjZFVW9DYmVvbXVPbFFtdUM2aGZvWG5rem9fVWtLbU5lM181cHFXR1Z5YVV5eV9zaTJEcElwNmEzUFk1Skd0YXlkUlVEMnEyQUVTa2FkOWVheDZ6XzQ4Y295MGRDWndTV1o3V2Nn?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek's low-cost AI spotlights billions spent by US tech - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi2gFBVV95cUxNT2hvaTRoWk03LXRiMEtDWUlFVHVSbXI4allGd0tWLWh3Q3Y5R3RoYVgyc0xyQXkzTkV0Z3Nmd1ZSbUd3ZWJvZ3o5WU9qaEc5MUJDQTAtX2VPUElmVG93UWg0NXZFV2t6YUJNeXdLcEpRS1VfU2g0bGtnZThhcVFrWUdmRGhKa0JldkNwZUs4M20wVEpZajl5RkdpS3JwWFN4WGp4MU1Kc3BIVWxIcllGM1RKYzg0VjE1cTF4Z3NQQlBqLXFLbGlPcl9pVHYzZUg0YWhBVUFOUVVqZw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Nvidia says DeepSeek advances prove need for more of its chips - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipAFBVV95cUxQQXJMTXBvV3hqOEZSM2dzcnUyYXdOZHlOcEdsa3kzLTJqekRGemdjUUpjS0R2OVpuWFlPSUx4OC1CTkxuQXRPd21KV2cxSTlFS3lSeHV3a3FtNjg2UEFFYWhvTEMtdnRfUzRSNnhVRWdBYVVfT0Iyd1NMaDRxTkVQTUw1MC10OS1uMTBwdW52bzV3NmRtYlduZjZkRTItMnFCODFBTg?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI: What you need to know about the ChatGPT rival - Mashable
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidkFVX3lxTE9GWVFqWjhXalFla3QyLTJ1aWtuSXVJMEVkeEhFRWxJYmtQVWZJSnFiLVhJQS0zWTkteEt1aE1YWWFlUU8zWDVCb2MtNWNWUzF1LXlPT2JBWFd5TFo4bjkzMkE5cXh5aU5ieE01ellvQ0xqRkZmVkE?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek R1: The “Impressive Model” & Military Affairs - Futura Doctrina
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMickFVX3lxTE41UWM5bEg0bzZnWTlfNndhTVAwOUs5U25DTDRkSGNxV0tiS012a0JtR1pFd2hhWE9mSXgxZ1ZhOURmTThnMWttN0kyNGNaTkR3clhZZ19DZVhYTnRESmp6b0Q0YnltSkpRNGhleVk0MmxEUQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek hit with large-scale cyberattack, says it's limiting registrations - CNBC
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Is Breaking The Internet - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijwFBVV95cUxNdkZFVWx4YWdjRXE4MktCT1lydDZVS2xrclZyVnVacjRxX3NZVVB1NHFEUkM5ZUwxX2VBdUhKN3hFQmE3WHhIcTE0MWM0U2hKLTlrN0xLMFo5YTZKTTFOclRkdUppcmFsUkRmcURHdWQ4V29rcWtzTXQ0WUxqS0RJNmctZzZrS3pEby1kcUY3Yw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek could dethrone OpenAI's ChatGPT. Here's why - Mashable
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMia0FVX3lxTFB2SDFPazdZcEtUQkhqQmZiLS1YSWtmTFdhSUNPNmNYeHlOWUZWTjd1LXNQOGFqLTZBWXRKNmo3UFp6Q1NwOV93Wl85c1ZpR0g4NzRJQ2RJMV9TNFdFM010TFRmU0ZIZ3lwWTdZ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China's DeepSeek AI Model Shocks the World: Should You Sell Your Nvidia Stock? - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilwFBVV95cUxOVFBDbjBnR3ZmaWZ3T2ZxNXMtZ1hCWlBaa2JSWGNfNXNJQ0JDVV9kQUpBMl9vNm1rOGJ5cFFjTUIyMEJET0VneUFrMHdnSGZzRE9PZEVMNkt3SzBGMWlOT3ZqNVJXLWpTRHJCM3gzVnN6UmE1TVRyRXNqdzZIVlVGaGUzald2VW44YnBEZFQxUUFuUEw1eTVn?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Here's what DeepSeek AI does better than OpenAI's ChatGPT - Mashable
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiakFVX3lxTFBZY2dlTEd2MXVaQTdsVEJxU19SLWJkbmtzR1B4QmYtRkZMMmJ4cms4WTVwYS1tOFJ1ZE9tR0FWQ3FnZF9TVzNlWlczRGlKMzJ2OEdvTFFiTTdNLVV1N1N2ZEZyRjZCNnoxVGc?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

​How DeepSeek AI just changed the game for LLMs - The Drum
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijgFBVV95cUxNNlh3TzBtQm1Wai1nZGFVQnhjMVV6NmpNYnUxSFBhNjZUU2VHVWphcDJLS0M3MEZtYzZmZ0NmX01SX3YtNG4xUzZQNS1pSU5OS1pWTlRxZlI1bUhEOFhIOVZZOVR2WVRlekJXc1VYWkJyeHZUVGhCT1NPbDNBRU1fV19PaW5RX2FXbkVPQThn?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek displaces ChatGPT as the App Store’s top app - TechCrunch
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikAFBVV95cUxNcW5mRmN1WllmeWlmVGp2eDlWSmVXZnVqR0lyNEZFREN1N1R0NG96U3pBVEZJZGdtMm5YVU1NVzQtZ05EVzdtejA3eHk5VEhFcTVIZlpxTENPdmY3d0pVX1g3QzBhM0Rrd1pmMkFBbElwZWkzTGNwbkMxOVVIX21BczNiRHhsY2Y4UHZ4c2hjWm8?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What to know about DeepSeek - Axios
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiakFVX3lxTE45dWQ4bXpLVnc3STZjMnRtRUotajhOX3ZnUGJPa0t5eDltWmJPc1k0dHJHQnBlN1lzVkxLRnhFeHpVYUZTdE9zYnNiTDl6aGlOUXJIcHUzQkVNWmJEN1Iyc0RCQW5GN3J1a0E?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What Is DeepSeek? What to Know About the Chinese AI Startup That Spurred a Stock Selloff - Investopedia
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitgFBVV95cUxOU0JRckdBLWo3N2RjVElQcWJ0S3VBLXdteURXbkY5UWJaMUVsUzFaSUthdzdzVk9PUno1Nm1YYkZhNkdHdFhjLWR1a3F4NVBaeS15d0FjUUhsTkNYUXRjb2NNZkpReEh6eFBLU09MZjJVNnVhYW13N0d6YnpSNmhQRHhaemh3alc3U3hiTjFobkY2SXh3RU0xV2tuQjdIVDRCSU9za3hjQVQyeGNVMFRtaEVYNEkwUQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese AI startup DeepSeek shakes up industry and disrupts financial markets - PBS NewsHour
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Marc Andreessen warns Chinese ChatGPT rival DeepSeek is ‘AI’s Sputnik moment’ - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxNNzE3RjdQaEVNdG9Mc2M4R2NJWlppZkRMbElqb3RoNVZKUUw1cG1nVF84RVBTTmNaUkt6d19YUXJaUmxHYmZpRTJIbHZWdmUtSEVYQjM3OC1jbDFwaUplc0lFSkRVWkg0WWFiTEZNTHpsWE5RUVgzV3BWSWVLOG5JZA?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s Popular AI App Is Explicitly Sending US Data to China - WIRED
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMia0FVX3lxTE1ycmVXd01WSm1nZWhYS0pIc0dfTlBoTFAwQ2k1MmtYWlVuWGxDSGlDOFVtV2FacGNhbnU0Tm5fQmpMR0tPUHo5aGxHTlFfMmhGVkYxVEg3TmxkWTJGXy1Za1lsMlVMQ1dXQkxF?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1 is a boon for enterprises — making AI apps cheaper, easier to build, and more innovative - VentureBeat
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiwgFBVV95cUxPQWNGaFpTekJfSnFlYWExbi1TMWNKSXJMUXYxRG1rUEM2UkRNd0gxbGFrR1BQTkh6clpaMWFHYzg2N1FKa3kySGU5X05oNmZEQnZZazFDSW1naTNxTFd0RmFrb3FhTzZPenVTWklYRWFqUXBaSU5iM01iMUVsWUkxRUJ3UXo2YlZOcFlHUnVtam9mb3JoUzJRZ2RXbUhMVGVlbDNZOWVfeHFJamtiMjZtRVlSc1pFTzV0aTUwS2hvRDlOUQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek and Masa Son Have Lessons for Stargate - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiowFBVV95cUxQOFhXb2pvTHpFT0VnSTMzSExjM0kxTVlqcFhRaTMyQWx0OVQ2RWpJQVFMUllnd3hUelJjMWZvLTVuQ1VaZjl0NGVXenc2MzRDZmM4d2J3RDFLNzBiX3VHMjNkaWg4S0hiMDZiQWVNcHNCOUw1dzF0UlhDNWdtbUZqMVhqM2FKZnNtTWNwOXltZ2xYdGNQcFlPZGhKQ2JsUks5d2RB?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek dropped an open-source AI bomb—what does it mean for OpenAI and Anthropic? - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi1wFBVV95cUxQSk9mQ0dvRUZkMnBlNk8tVEc3dVZjOTFycFNjLTJ5d3RkeEFhRVMtX0ZOV3NmWnB2UURtNU1EdEVnbzdXRE5kZ2prb2VQNkx3RUpybTM2TjYwd29oQUQ3UFBNaW1oemxzRkM4VXZXdExKWDQ3UGxNeXI3cFRiQTFWMS1NWDdDci02VEU2Q3h3WTJhdkFCU1VwQzN5OERpX0dWX2hDMjdjczZEVUdOYlpia1NHU0toOU1SSkVLWFhxY0JGLU9GS1hDQjNYUkJfNWc2cUl4bkNlTQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why Is DeepSeek Sinking Nvidia Stock? - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimwFBVV95cUxPanJSaG5maHhVUGVFRXNUQXp4a2pMVkMyQTlweTRKT201QzdhMWpTaEo3b24xLThlWHRqbEpnWmJxZjdkYVhzaXBnenNvV1FpU2g5R2ZVcXJTZU5ZdG1TTTlxOFRXYnB0MWItZzMyaHNwcnV6N2lmQ21TYUNOOFZiUFp4V2xucW5lZ21hcVJBYmgwZjJEZVJUdXJ0OA?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI is now on top of Apple's App Store - Mashable
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibkFVX3lxTFBFWlVsTkVMT0hUMDdNNDNGR3BKYXFvaEc0LXNfQkJHbWY4X0U2UGt3Z2xPV2NYTGlmZGYzMVc5bjNXWGRGbFR4Wmtmekd6a29YM0ZUY1pZaFZmcVlqUXdpcDdTQkZaS3FsTnlfZ2tB?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What is DeepSeek? Everything you need to know about the new ChatGPT rival that's taken the App Store by storm - TechRadar
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi7AFBVV95cUxNNmRCMVpBeEplbmpQVDgxcl9yNkxSaWtteXJIQ1FQQXpqWEpZX0U5dnA2UERBajM5R2lFbG1jSWNMWHkyMFNwWHFpaWJTUWt2RXJJNUZ5TWhzYm5faVdwQTRDZzZuV2dLVUpoc2ZzeTVKREgyYkZQZlAtMFNzdHVkMFB4QjU5Vkt0dkRGLVBmcS1zakc5Yy13TFVOWnlTeU96LXVxeE1lNTdJSXNnOVRDM2liZG9xNlQ2bGZDT3BtNGxXWnBDNmVXdkNOSnhqb0pYZnBESEsyeGhWZ2VNVlVKbm5iVEhJMkhXNTB5Vw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Shows Silicon Valley’s Huge Blindspot on AI - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisAFBVV95cUxOODRLdFRsWGQ3RkdhWGxROF9nWU9qSjFyMTEteldXc3ZGV2dtekdNS3lDM2RLYXZOc2lOWlR6MlhheVFDOXQzM0M1a0lDSjVIUGpsZHlzS2h3ZDVzNnQ3TC1kQlNaQUsyUVlfcWV6YXBldEJDQ043T1JkUmxZcmlsenk0VHRZV2dTUWNkTXdLWGs5WnRNZS1hVktRcDkteGlPMkZSZk1oaFpNMkFEMGV5ZA?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s new model shows that AI expertise might matter more than compute in 2025 - GeekWire
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiswFBVV95cUxNVlJXRGVUNlVvSUlWYUZNNFNQRkM3RGpJdU9qR25vQTRDUndEMndvV2dZclhlNHhhalU5MVlrckxzUWNBempyLVViaERBM0g1cEh6aUQ1cjhEQ3lnMS1PeVFwQ3k2NjQ1emtBakZSWW84TUVXTkUtNGQzZTNTU1ltMTV1LUZIa2VXQkpfblpUVDVYOEg3aWZlbE84ZENsZjZ0bm1EMUlwTk01R0YxRExMbnIxbw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek: Chinese AI firm making waves in Silicon Valley - Tech Xplore
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifkFVX3lxTE5LRklQNEVHQU8yeXdyZzloTzcyWjVMUzVMbHpGeXpaVFc2NUNyRFFDNDZEMEJqNG1sV1pCTDhzTmtqVzRGMVpsY0liODJMQjV2UTNqenpSS2JkcjlrWkpNcGNpUmZWQ0Y1a0tubHZ6OFpIN3BURnpyZkVtTzRQUdIBfEFVX3lxTE5nZjZ1bXhRRGgtSC1aVEJ4a0FWY0JjWkMwamUzaHphOVFHYUFTYzlWSFU1UFhhbGczcFZZWUxaT3J0eHVXRVRodE1hZl9paTREMHVINE9zWEVrNlNhTGlWRHhTU2xIVFZuOF9WeWdYUnJhVHh4RTMtdWZWQXc?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Calm down: DeepSeek-R1 is great, but ChatGPT’s product advantage is far from over - VentureBeat
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxQc1dRbUh3aE9IZF8zcXc0R2FWYzRrVDBHOGxrVExqWXVLRUFnMTdWLUNPRGVWYXhCNGZDRzhXamwxT3MwMWFMa2ZTRnJ5YnFielBsWmcyTE1hMEtqTGtackpxeFdTc2xhbmg2TG9XWml4WUlKMmQ4bzcwVWlUN2FIWEFqV0FLTHp2ZThYZnJUQmpqaFA1czdsSldKd0p1TTBOMFRPQ1cwOGV1UQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Nvidia’s $589 Billion DeepSeek Rout Is Largest in Market History - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifkFVX3lxTE9GS3lhRUJzNFV4aFRUblNCU2owYVJLTGw2YlMxTEQzbERXUHd1NFY3bXFUWHJxMlBHcy1JTzk5bXk0YWhKc3o1ZmRseDlGcmx0SUFEOVdKQndmdGRzMlluSWhMaXVranRUNWRXQmxXYlI5RElnUjM2X3BNOHVydw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What is Chinese AI startup DeepSeek? - Fox Business
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMid0FVX3lxTE5LeGdvTnJwVzNJNVpMZFQtc2xRWWVKaGRnQ3ltU1RrNWsyd1JXRVBPWl9UdUtsbWtBU25qRG5zeUJnLXM4cGlmMFVzWlM3LWFjZ25rZndFUlkxbnJMdjUyZER2YUZaYmtER0NsTHlZYld0TGFtODRn0gF8QVVfeXFMT3BBZHZCOFBLZXN3TXZTS1BHT3laSGxYWDNNWi14VXdxaDQtbmxVWmhmOXNXOTJKdkFnOUpwZVVZTGxEMXo0ai05U051UEFoZkFaTmkwempDcGp0STdUZl82UjBlb2k0R2pjV015NHY0bVlKTGZCMlJ4MkxfTg?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Open-Source Model Could Shake Up Enterprise AI - PYMNTS.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuwFBVV95cUxPSkR5VGJ5SXVjMHhzSFRtM3ZmaE00YWpIRWd3bGxQc2tENDA3TW9VelJRa2ljcG51SnNkZ1l6anJQUUZGVUotd2hDeWxlRFYzTXNmcjc3Z2FuZGdTcWtkaWpMS19Pc3J0NjAyTjkzeWs1dG1ETThoTlhaNVBQLVQ3bmNKTHJZNWtIaVZYMVRaXzVLMVI2dzBaRjB0ckw0dVdEWmUtSUVKZ1dOd1E3WllDNXlXaU5HNE1KR3Iw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China's DeepSeek AI dethrones ChatGPT on App Store: Here's what you should know - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxPbVlDMUplcGRvNHdXS1IyVHZDaEdhZnp5RWxpV29QZkV4cFRpMEx1ZVlERFZsNXpBUS1sYWlGWlY3ZUEwRTU0V3NUXzdzZzA2V3NEOGFPdXQ4XzNuMFJuN0hZc2ZndXFwWUdUM0NvR0h3M21xTVlWd2ZwWTdSdzFDY1RDUXNwYWktcUpuN0lWUVk0bFN3a055WkJucl9kcU450gGmAUFVX3lxTE9QYUNsenRQcjVibFMteU9rWmVkcFNuRXNqZ0RqY0FCSlM0ak82X2p4N3lENndFZldjczdQNXluT2ZJaTN4X25rRHg1djNadFFRZHpCZHdQTERFQ2ZvbDVTaE5kdWhMTzlTajUtZjctN3BwenVZeE1ib2ZhZzZnVWhRYUoyM3pZeTlscldqNWk3OUhNR2I2NWFQMEhqRmd0bGExUmtVOXc?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI shakes American swagger and upends assumptions - BBC.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiWkFVX3lxTE43NnVjODI1SXJ5UXg3Qk5KWUZhdVlpSlZCSHpzdU9WcWdhZ1I5anQ3bDNQSERRM0U5TlZiM3paejRMaDNIVldxVkpfTnBsU1dNeEc2LWplSlRXUdIBX0FVX3lxTE8tVk1qNTVNWUJmSnIxV1FSbE03UnYwd09PUDBUTDRvM05OZ0liOEJHTmZBTGdSeHhYX2V2cWZETlByUHU0eVZyVEZPZDNhS0Rkb040RVNvem56NU1OWkkw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China’s DeepSeek Surprise - The Atlantic
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihwFBVV95cUxNVGxkR2dqOUJFdENoUVdlLWNHNnhydGNIN0ZTWnhHNW9KeGh2MWJ2NDJWa2lHNlIzVVAyejcyOWk3amY0YTI1dHY1M2hmcS1qcmdNMEVZYmY0Qk9tT19PSElrazJSVk1yeV9XS2pHRXpfNHVUYVJyWjJtMmx2WUZnMS0yZzVlbjA?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Trillion-dollar disruptor: China's DeepSeek upends AI world overnight - New Atlas
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiWkFVX3lxTFBWelA5OVVfRVpLdjZweDI1REJZYUtrbnkydEFJMTNxa1U2OXdJeGpMRVF5X2hUOE5oTkwzTzRzYVFLXzljeFNIU2xLVFlDbHhJMU5mOF9MbXlLQQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Hands On With DeepSeek’s R1 Chatbot - WIRED
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMic0FVX3lxTE9JNUdXRXZDNlJ4S2N0SXRnT29xVWFXMFVsZXpLakRkMUN0c0Z6bHNTTGU1c3Fzay13dkZvQVhSbXFfeGRhRGttSHE0VTQtWVZVbnZuVVJvdTF1UW00OU53ZzB3ZFlPb1lOOUlsSExxUUF5ckU?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China's DeepSeek sparks AI market rout - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirAFBVV95cUxPY21FVmVPazJzb0NWTjVjNEhEUl9fOTctcGFKV0Rzb2kzN1BDZUFMUnVRSWxxSFo3ZTR6XzY3dU9tamlRb0xybTZKbzc1ZGlpcXh4TlVZQjVnLU53M2E0eGFhMkpEWDczT29VRVA3X1lZZEY4b0RyaHd3UjduLTVLSnFwel9MRGh2VHhLZXk2d1ljRmFMUXdMNW9vcG0tUEhZWDEwUGh1aXU4cmpo?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek could be an extinction-level event for venture capital firms - Axios
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidEFVX3lxTE1zMUQzYUJmaS12YWJ4OW84NTBhRjFMNzNSMDBrLWlvdkxWcDY1NEt4Z3pYTFpjaG9SWVNqNW9pU0kwVDBaeUxadXlORUU1dnpFbTE1VnhmQ05Ia0J1amlxb1NOWWhLWFpiTXpwT1hkMFExMFg0?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek limits new accounts amid cyberattack - The Register
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihwFBVV95cUxPMlYtSmRqMVZFRkZVcVBtWWZQWEUtQ2R3ZktmQUF2MDlVVzBYaG55bDlQd0w4MHJWYnM3akRuMldiWGFtWWNKMExPOXJvZXlXQWswRjZDV3ROcFB3ZmFkM2FtV05jTGNhckRQSWI2VnVGWGwwTnQ4N1M0RkZ6UDNmc3JYYnp4ZkXSAYwBQVVfeXFMUDNhalpuOUVLT3VldFlSS2c5dUZGa1hmXzFjWlNiZkprbzB6MUQ5LWtjbHc3SHlLUHhsNkg5RzBlQXVkNTE0STBGcjNxdVNKNThrQVZuX3ZwelNic3l6NGRQMVp2cF9DdjJ6Y1NqVU5hN240akNXX2lnQmJkNk10V01rV2l5RXdWM2xYVHY?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Trump: DeepSeek's AI should be a 'wakeup call' to US industry - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMingFBVV95cUxPLXhBNnhiUWU0MWZhejJtUE9oemU4QTl2Ni1Hd1p5TzRtSW9nYUlkMU1GOVhsbnFWbW1NVGxGeW93b0E3eHZDZ01WelhadHIxdUdoQjliTTlBWnc4bExBSjlsUkp6M3RERW5VQ1NnWTB6cUlEek1XNzBLV1FNRGc5OGJfeTF1dGdUOVZ1Vy1Va3NuazNJdWFkWVNyc1RmZw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Forces a Global Technology Reckoning - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikgFBVV95cUxPeVZSQ3dUNzhXOTdLYjlSdlJoNFpsbDVDMEVBLUZ0bEFnQXNyUEp0N2wxcTVJdDZCd19pc0J4YW5rLWdwTFNwTWxmRUs3WFVtcnRPaEZsYXpfckNoUmItU0VnaXRKa21EeTdRSEo1SVJuS2dUdDRLc2tDUE5DVlktYTNwcDUydTFfVzYzcklOWE4xZw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese startup DeepSeek threatens ChatGPT’s dominance of AI sector - FRANCE 24 English
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxNTlEyU25HMU5RMmx5NWNnUHdLM0ExS0tKNGJYa2ROVi1BVmxqa0pWdG8wVDEwVkpDTU1iR1VfZDZjNnNMSGh4Y3FYdUwtQi1PQXJYQlhKdXpoU09oZkUxekllS2dGdmdtRlVkTWVUUDNuSnk0ZkZrbGtaSEtsdXlaZF9DQ1V5WXh0NUVyVUhMSnd4TERINVp1bVhNTlVzNFBBQ1BfajNxcVczT0k?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why China Startup DeepSeek Could Spell Trouble For Nvidia, AI Stocks - Investor's Business Daily
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirgFBVV95cUxQTnhNNWJQczk2VWJUbUdTYmVzb25SY3pXMVVjeDczOUN0dzdOR2lBWFU1S3JqRVNwckw0Tmo5c3JLRmhQOTMtQ2Z4SVdXVlltQ3dOY0VOd2twd2d2bFg5cEN5a0duN2Nsa3JUVW1IWWxiVTFXcXM1T3F4ZTd6anZnLWI2VllDRnNsWlVqRnBrNE9jRmQ0Ym1WbF9IaEU5Y0FGWnZ2UXF2SkZuZXl1d2c?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why market panic over China's DeepSeek is 'overblown,' analysts say - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirgFBVV95cUxNUEg1MFN4VXJyWHVlWGR2bHdkLVBFM0ZlNVJtMGZNbXJscmpkNjgyLUwxbmUtd2pTZXlLVHR2VDdESHpGUk1hMzJlUXdTbzdiMWxLQVB6NmhzWEx4TzZYdlRNSkRPa0REYm5MbG5za3pFLWpYRFhBSUIzeGl4dHFyZlR5Qk5WcGgtS3V0eXRKYXl1eEVMbzVpVUl1UkpDOVplWmlob1pRM1lHdjJlNlE?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Global Tech Stocks Plunge as China’s DeepSeek Undercuts Rivals - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitwFBVV95cUxQWjNBZ09NZTZCVXlUU3lEN2ZlN2JxeXI2a0Z1UHBmdGhiVWttUUVzRW44RExtU0JrLXM5dGwwYU5lamRGaThWc05rTnhVbHktZldqMHJhWlg3R2hHSVBqMVJRVFpnYjZFZ19abGZFVkhkU0RWQjNLYy0xaXZGeEVMQjBnWHZtTEZTeF9CT0xQZjVPUExwZFJHZnV2LW5QcFdsd09iSWpMSFVHTnNWaDRvdnhmQ1NjTE0?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What is DeepSeek? How a small Chinese startup shook up the AI sector - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihwFBVV95cUxOcU9YN3B6WG5rSnhLME5IUlV2d05MLS03bS12NFc5bmNLZUVYZjlDOTkydjBodTl3cTdCSC0wOVhvS1hKb0xqSmhIVVFEeTRyaUpDWVFYZkFhM0tGS1k5X3Vjc3NTMEI3bUl5dl8wTFYxTC1KZmdTTG5FQ0ZuWFprNEl5ZGdvMXM?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese AI App DeepSeek Soars in Popularity, Startling Rivals - WIRED
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiZkFVX3lxTE9UTlllcklPd2d1VVJmVGpTRFNtcHhKQ19lUkxxWTZpOWtOS0dlYWRKbU02U2tkVldwXzFHYWxobmktbHZqZ1ZoSTI0YW51dVR1Q2phVXlvU3FVdHVCMkZLNTZxWHRTdw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

OpenAI chief Altman says DeepSeek's R1 model 'impressive' - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiwwFBVV95cUxQQUVvVnQtQmZfYW1XSFlJSGNXaHhCVmRTMkcxYUtBdVpUYk11NG1CMTJuVGRDdEdtZm5kcm44ZzY2VkxLUjlpYWZ1VTZyekVabmVBSW1iNFJ4bmhTcjJnT0Y2YlBocjNob1lNd2k3UW80NHNrQ1U5RWlFLXVxX3dNWHR5SFdDSnpPWmdYd2pSbV81bHVKLXN2VmdYa09pZzhydHZsUHg0bzhKZ2FSQWRqRGpaMnBuanA3VHUzanhIeFp0dHM?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

US power stocks plummet as DeepSeek raises data center demand doubts - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuAFBVV95cUxNZnFRdWcxNk1NM1luak91S2VCNVE2ZHpZQWNKODJIT180ZkpsTjl3clhEclRqdTJzekRwQnU2Q3hja0NvMHdLbHNhX2c2bU5BVHQzeDJRcGhJUHgwTXdQbDExcnBNbEN1Ui1pMXdDaHlqWkFQMjN6a250aElmX0VOQmo0V3lNcGpXd09wRDRNNUl0eWc4WFF0N1ZYSU01RF9jenJSZkw3Z2JndEVhckRsNHk5QkQ3Z2oy?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Deepseek AI says 'large-scale, malicious' cyberattack is limiting registration - Mashable
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihgFBVV95cUxON3V5Ykc3S2FSa1VST2d6VEJyNHl1SXN2c2FTNUg1ZDZLWTJaUnVoQXAxRVFsZi1RUTlnLXlpSkE3d1VqQk81M0xOVjFxWTdQa2tLRGxXSmVMbGRsWWYtMi04czdUb1U3R1dIR2FXYjh5bzFrRkp4QlF6MVUxUnJqRS1jM3BvQQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek's R1 curiously tells El Reg reader: 'My guidelines are set by OpenAI' - The Register
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibEFVX3lxTE4wZ1ZaenBnUGRzUzlPR1hfWlNfM2JvMG85R05DSmgxekkyZlQ2d0JEQjUtLVpxeHM2bDFSbnBaZVB2V3IxVEUzVlVmc3lXTlNVWFRuUkxRaEF6Qmkzc25ZTWk2OWdkbVJsQjlyc9IBckFVX3lxTE9wQ2JNV3ByV3VDbndlTzZQaHp1Ykk0TFczTFBXa2ZOTlZQZGVIM3dkY2J5cEdFSmVtT1ZGVERiZzNRcHJlWDFQQ191VlVKMVJIalZnWWNXcmRmTTJYRmRXemdSR1MyQVVmaTAzX293V2EyUQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why DeepSeek is hitting tech stocks hard, including Nvidia's - Mashable
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibkFVX3lxTE9wTUZvdl9HQlpPUUtlUnVvRTZnQnQ1MGNSemp0ZTlzYzUwdl9BODl1bDhoWkN2ZjlvVmFtZ01LN3l5OExTZUtfdm9hSFozSFJiWDRBX2RSU2hPR3BsM1IyLURra1dSenZsWTdfSFV3?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Is the Hot AI App. Don't Get Too Attached to It - CNET
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipgFBVV95cUxONXBpR2V4Qi1Ha0ZlbXB6R2U1LVJiMUVCZ24yMXRrbzRDTkx1SDFrOUgyZzBCQjVuRkFlUnZvbEFVdjJLREpSbGQxY2xlU2QwaGJ0SHBmeXRzVVIzZmlHbWR3dlBlTGE1dVhKT0otWmpwWHdjWmJVX0FiWEJrSFhBblA1ZHluVnNLNkF5djR5TXZPZ184dU9Yb1hMZnZxWlVPc2lfWnp3?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Does DeepSeek Censor Its Answers? We Asked 5 Questions On Sensitive China Topics. - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMizgFBVV95cUxQeld5MkYtUmt1UnV2eHBidllDY2ZlSnRaN0ItLU1jOVI1M3FRd05mbFdLd1lpY1dMdlk2MTM3UDdiMXZzR09IbTNlRlA5aGJ5dE5Sa1RDWHBWQ09XM3NvZWZ0QXJoZkc0b3M0Y2NDMnlhWHU5eEc4Z3FQaF9vZjhnVmN2TDhRbl9LMkpaaUtVRHFzN3pBb1ZOdU44ZllxYnhndDdqLVQ1dFc1WFlfdDZxbDdDalpEREhDMHczYnNtWTI0QkRjeW05Q3JCdHgwZw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Trump Calls DeepSeek ‘A Positive Development’ But ‘Wake-Up Call’ For U.S. Industries - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi0gFBVV95cUxPbG9aZU90NVZuR1VNaDRwcHg5TzhHZGgwUm1tYURwZDlTamJELVZGRmtzYnJubEtxRk8tbkY3a3M0U3RmYnB2UHYxWlMtNFVqNF9rN1FITEtrdGhrQ1d2dHdfVFFUZy1DRWtnT19JRlVPUlhmTExzUTNsNlp2UzkzYWJURlF5TXpmRWhIak9mSzgxVnhNb0w1SVRNcHJEWXJnemVyeVZDX3k0ZDZvN00wQV9CZEtOclp4REFocHBmbm5QOXhJRjFoa3B1SXFwTWgyNVE?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

OpenAI CEO Sam Altman on DeepSeek R1: “an impressive model.” - The Verge
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxORlhxR21nVUVqMDhXcXozUHlkRmExYmxja0lVVDNfOC1hQmVJRU5MMkZFLTlLNmI1YXZXczhFN0ZzM1hNcGxDUC1ORHlISUpaRGU4SThSY1g1VE5pZjdUal9SQzJrcVRXYU02N2ZLXzR0NmQwS0VUWkRYMjNkaHRhYTdWQ2o4b3VadjFCZkpoLTB0X3N2bWxyZUIwNXBaVDNaaFE?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Is a Wake-Up Call. Is America Listening? - The FP
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibkFVX3lxTFA4TFZacTlyd3E2MFZrRndObG55NXZpOU1hODhuRkpRdE9ISVh5QVphbm1EdlRCWDRoLUZHTnpfSlhMSTNucjMwWUY1MEROQ05VN1NkTWFCUTBoRTl4ejBHVU9EY3luUGZmSV9MZnp3?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China's DeepSeek just emitted a free challenger to OpenAI's o1 – here's how to use it on your PC - The Register
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiakFVX3lxTE1ud1NZU09KNmZYZmtZX1BSVGJZR2dIODN2TVJQcjdQM2pXU3pyU25ITUo2MHd0a0lmbzJpR1A3dV9haF8wdklEN00zeExRMmNKZmJDTkJqNWRTVHlGSGtBXzNaTEJtQzB4T0HSAW9BVV95cUxOblF5MS1EeExuY1RwVFFER2FMaGxKSk83dGZlUEhESnRuem5nSWprUl9Yc1JuYncxZEs0UDNfVERMWWVld0oxaEU1VV9DVF9LcEc4NHN3ZUxWcEEzc1RyWG9XMjB6ampqemExMXdxQ1U?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI impact hits Europe, sends ASML stock tumbling - TNW
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibkFVX3lxTE1JMXpFWkJRQjlUb1Y1akZTWnMzWEtqRWE1Q0RUYjhMam1teTN3OGJzUHZkMnBQUVlWNlJkWkxxcjRybmNQaERkRjFaaUZuMXFMTGx0T0g4Y1lvckFDeHdXb0hFTGFkTEctc1pJN0Fn?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Nvidia, Microsoft shares tumble as China-based AI app DeepSeek hammers tech giants - ABC News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxNd3haV3Uya3hPYXFiUjhPOGo3Vm9Ic3NqOXlveUJKamVfd0NiVC01anVicm10bEJiQ19jYXMtd29QSzk5WmJudHZvVUo5b3ItQ2lNSTdCd1pwenRGVWVTN3NnSndJdlJNMkJ0MnBmU0pfdmx2WjN4Vzl6Z1NvMGdBUkZEQlhZY2VQYWVXZ0Z1V1I4VXlSdk5BdjdxT2tHa1hFdUHSAacBQVVfeXFMTXdfUnZ1YnUwMGJrdUxTOEdYRl9ia3FSRHVBT1BsaDRKUEkyei1Vd3RSZ2dqWFk0XzBVeTBBWFhZR09qU3BPZDBZaDRnd05yaTZYbngxZ2poQUw5TEtLbXl0V3diazB3ZnBpSVQ3VHVKUjZCcVE1T0FMLWJ5cVdMTHp3T1pkdkhkZV8wdEtKSE9UQU41TjVnbEpXZE1kUE1IbUxtZHBkT00?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek and the Strategic Limits of U.S. Sanctions - The Wire
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilgFBVV95cUxOX2ozeUFXMWpsa185Tkl3dEZBdlhFVW5aTWZ1cXlQb1VQV1VnV282U0kya3ZlTHRuTHJ6MVVDTVN0bG90clU5TklGSEg1RW9tazc3aXFnazg5VTFya19RYnBnTnBiRU9EbnRzd0NtWVhxLUhsQ0x6cnpucUJwczE4Zm4xZEk1MWlUcmxRbjh4T3FjMkR2dHc?oc=5
Published: Sun, 26 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek didn’t burst the AI bubble – it made it bigger - Fierce Network
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijgFBVV95cUxOMnROR0lmdkJ1SUl3eENGNE5GZmEyd0VoZzh5Z3Y0amhpSGNBam1lSEJOSzRneXg4TVVXa2pRcDVjbUJFdTZvcU8tRktQN1hlb0RWZnJVU1NaUktzYTFhWENmOW1kS2hlS1ZQVGpJZzlFaGt3SW5kbkZIaWtmdElfdm9BVkJfQUc3U01QMm53?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI claims services are facing ‘large-scale malicious attacks’ - CyberScoop
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidEFVX3lxTFA2M0lxajN3NUI3bjBFNDhub203SmRUZlVCUVFBeE93cWE4UVlsZ0tPWWkzRmUxSE1LZEdmQXFzcmVETWU4dUZjVThvME9WdWd1aHBVa3kwR0hFUnB1ekRycUVtb1hOLTEtRXdHRDl6UjZ6WTJH?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek's reasoning AI shows power of small models, efficiently trained - IBM
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiWEFVX3lxTE1WaWdfRmpyYlR2a1ZpLWtrNEFEVXp4QU0xQVBySXZYS28wejRPOEViOHZac2FUUWJtV1FKTTVtT2xaLWJqWWtTSlN6aE1lQW40alNUMzdNaXA?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

AI selloff: Claims from China’s DeepSeek too good to be true? - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibkFVX3lxTE1TSXlGSWVVRkU3ekhYM25xZ2tsVDhMUFA4RVoycTR6WFpPTGtKSlM4eFNzWllvZUZrZUNRdVdURjZhS3pFejJubno4cHI1WnZDSXdZejRRTzFLdnhNa2ppLUdtaDYzRnc3WVN3WXdR?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s latest AI model prompts market frenzy, but investors should remember to stay the course - JP Morgan
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi9gFBVV95cUxQR08zdTJtRHBManhnc0dXNENHV0dZNGppU3YxbHpCMUdDbzR1c0dXMllub0NpRGFVR1RaVWR2MFNmb0VIQXlMSHJkcGhrQ1V0dTJDWUpzbGdKZmFDeWFmMkxJS2dNYzlPTXpvSFU0NmNQbG1FRzFXR1FrLVdMeGhET05Fd2RzV2VULUx4NC1ZeVhId1ItWWpPcjR5SVZ0SG0tVUVFbEdQRlYzRXpvcnNUY2stNFIxN0tsdEwyMl9tS19Hb0hNRkZCZVdIR1B0VkR6ejVvbm9NSkhZUWRzVnZnOVJ6aUpjNWt1MGRwakNsNTMtN3p2M3c?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek hits No. 1 on Apple's app store - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikwFBVV95cUxPZ1RpWEw1UzRXU3NCZkhacXFOVGRnaUtOWGFoSzJTU09IT2xhbVhoNGpwYkpIZWpJYktGNkpnS0F3SzNEMDQxbS01ZmpuLWN6LXd5TXltTW90UG1qd0Vsd3l3cThUQ0k1RUtQMU1Xd3VZSWUwSU9sMzdJMlhIQ1JKNmRSeVAyRkJReXFXcnA3dWlaQjg?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek ‘punctures’ AI leaders’ spending plans, and what analysts are saying - TechCrunch
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipAFBVV95cUxNVUFreTk1M2J4ZFRXRkRyQTdJdDNBZ2JlMWhkUTdVdG1xRXdiZ1lES3Vic0loRFNjc0xTelNONndZdjRKQ3liLXd6Z2RITlJZN0doNXEwNmIzeHFjbkdHWmdvX0kyYjNqU0lmbDA1SnJQOFNXU2lMaVphUzA5M1Ytcm1NQkw4VUEtZUhuTk9RSUVIbjJCWG9pdl9BOF9tVk5xY0lNbQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese app DeepSeek hammers US stocks with cheaper open-source AI model - Fox Business
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What is DeepSeek and why is it disrupting the AI sector? - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiugFBVV95cUxQWTJSc0ZkcldqX1lLUGUwdUtjTmR0M3pTbG9PbkJtRERTeHVOQUlYS1AwTDViUFc4ZldNN0ZDcHFqX1ZLZ0pGaTNqY2U1T1dqOFZYWHZfU3NHRWYzVldiLXdBVXl6N1V3N3dyekRwSGw3bi1rTlBNVDhRaEdnU20wMlNaemRnV1hqbXhRSzdMcnRBRnVsdHVRalJRUTZKTWVybnB4X24yaTFBV0JOTXFEMWdWdzdDTXNsT1E?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What is DeepSeek, the Chinese AI company upending the stock market? - The Associated Press
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigwFBVV95cUxPbE9yeWwzWTdzX2xHblNnTTRoRkRBTnpJYWhVS1Zob1k5anBFTG1tbWxSaFpIY1daVVp5a2xfTnc2Rm5TY0ZfY282RVF4ZGwwOVBpNmZlWlJVcVZkR3I1bVZZU1RkT0V1M0pORnBoUWFUbkZmOXV0bXE3T2NKM1pPNWRyQQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What is DeepSeek, the Chinese AI startup that shook the tech world? - CNN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMid0FVX3lxTFB6azVEWnhaVVN1ajRQLVIxc05ab241WmFaSGtzTWRIVmxWR1NsMHdmVVhaNDJIcjZHRDllS0NOdTRwOGJoOVUxaHRzWFFWM0Q5cGhGckNOOHduYW9tXzBiQnVWZFRhNl9FNnZvVW0tQzZfNkhrQXhv0gFuQVVfeXFMTkxUYVFRM2JfQ01Gb3AyaE50TG9rZ0ZPWE9tSG44MVhXckhILVp1QW1CZmlEMnRERlNpaGtaS1BSelBuLV9NakVfUlVkOF9xV3JhTXZ4aUVhWUVvSkx4TlAxcy1nUk9UeThNMF93bGc?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What is DeepSeek, and why is it causing Nvidia and other stocks to slump? - CBS News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihAFBVV95cUxPdFJMYkZNWlMteVdyOGp2THV3dlY4aFhwRUg1M1NZWkp3dS05LVhsVkROcHlzbm43bEJJSXdwOWJEbW5JR0x4SXVPMnhiR2tQUEhsWVlwa1RwZldxc21adm9tS0dOTGFBMWVBbFZ4cEJkYmEwREROQk5hOXh3ZXp5X2w5MU3SAYoBQVVfeXFMT25wRmtWamVPMW9BSjVyMHg1WGpSUS12cVczOUtvZ041bGtFRGViT0xFWFlQTVh4S3BLX1Q3R19tUjlZX01hQVZvLVFRVWlTRVVJMWZCWlpUb0ktYkJDQzJ4aTRpME9OLXJ4SldpWnBRZWh6VzEzbDRqRHZfUVB4dlZUNWhTS0lMcl9n?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How Chinese A.I. Start-Up DeepSeek Is Competing With Silicon Valley Giants - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMif0FVX3lxTFB6QlVNTUpJTkVuMWxNWGE1UldTVnFwTmo4cExIZG5uMGRDNm5DUnBMa3ZCSkd2VWllajNQQWc0VjEtTUgwZkFENFV3N3pWS3BKSjk3VE1lRVRWUDV2VW5IVWZwQjFlYWMzM2hSaXJlcGlUeGxPZDF0Q25rNHhYZWc?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What Is DeepSeek? New Chinese AI Startup Rivals OpenAI—And Claims It’s Far Cheaper - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMizwFBVV95cUxQZnYtUE5lU3hHb1h2TkJ4S3hEdWRKZWI5bVBRb3RYUzRfcDRNZ09tRlJWUVlUMjZFMVd2emQtRlpCbXd4UWtKM0lSVHdROS1PaFRUcDcxYWVPc1dRMDl6aVJrQnlLdTdSS0ZQMVQ3WlZFdGJFTFhFMV9jRTJGSzNjMU9CejRBVHdrQ3ZsQlpDRXltb0FBa3lvWWR1RUdILTFHX2UxM19aNnRyS09jbjNOQjVqWk9qUTVnOFlXU25zSUlIaWRaTlhjZlo2VTNpNk0?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What’s DeepSeek, China’s AI startup sending shockwaves through global tech? - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitwFBVV95cUxPUTJ1Y000cWpvU2poRHhuVml2eWtkVFZoWkIzNllqNEkzWWZiMzhVUGY3TDFyRTFLdzFzM0hEejdnMkJvWFExME9ERGx6bU1RdnNqU3BDNjBiMmdaSVdFblFLZXNzbVlQQnFfcWJIbFJUT3dWQjhrVXB1SndFUFNiNG5iVHFoaC04YjhNSmc3VkFPUEp6ZGVrZi1HWGtWbk45TWlLVEtOaU53OUJaLW9JclRlMmlIS2_SAbwBQVVfeXFMUEpUQXp6XzZjRVpGMEVBMmNVbE9GTk91Y04xeDNqYnh3SDVrZVBlZ3ItRlhiYV9Rb21HTHhsRlpBR2Z6cXExUHlVRllpMTNfYjJENUkxMkNCRFVPSGt2dVFwVFo3MG1tQ3lqcFVyMUNTT1B1eGJ3WmVDTWVSNkVDd3hsMzR1VzR5M1pSVXhLbndwekxKdzYwXzdUUUltVk5iUDROcmhOM2owTnhjZ2ZmMk5QbGIxN2pNTEdfYXo?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

🏮DeepSeek: everything you need to know right now. - Exponential View
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMieEFVX3lxTE5RZ0JPSVdVZU9wcWhGdTRSR25YUWZ4bll1dXpHUjczTmRSaTRsSnpxV3lmRFpwNEJTT2FWRWdZRDNZQmhmMl9fd3ZzeWNYbWlwYjVQRm42TXNNMkM5djdEcWtQLWJVbGk4QXRBZEVOT3ZhRWMtd1lqVg?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Is the Wake-Up Call Our AI Overlords Needed - Inc.
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimgFBVV95cUxPbjFacTVCa2pXbFlBUmxiSlp4bnFzb0tjTW0tZHFTY1F4UmhUQ3hsdXlESWk5RVpXMUVjUXdsZnpXQUg5YU5hXzYtRzdYbEs5MlJ2ZDN1UjVId2JwNFpTTmE5b1lXdmNnUVU0OVZUNkF6eW1ZbUphU0E0WFZvTWRHMXhOT0xDQkJTN1AybEFzMjNkXzYtLUpVSGNR?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Just “Opened” The Path To AI ROI - Forrester
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTFB2TExDdHRIaE1qN1M5amVpV2g0VEpoOVRhZWo1NFpEVUxfdVdaRlM2ZmkyRlhkUHdVdll4cGNEY1hQUEJNM01VMG9sVDJFRmxmNER1cHdOTVNqWFlQbEg0dDlBX0NBYlBSbll6aTVKZWF3c2NBUXB3RWJka18?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

U.S. Navy bans use of DeepSeek due to 'security and ethical concerns' - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxPTHVFV2RGdWNvNGNncFhTQkZiaXlOa1lVSU04MWtic1pLcmlLNEJxZDdmOXlRWlprVDVneUFPcXpVMmFhNmJTemh1Q3kxazBiTHE5aWpvZjdteWJRdURLRlJUVEE5emJfYS1Qa0RrVU5sZVR1VXJfbWJUOV9lYk5pdzNXR0FxWDhtX0xDOWN2REZIUVo0RVNIejZCeXpBM3M50gGmAUFVX3lxTE5zem5NbzAzRDA2MFBsNENtcmdCUXFCd3laYkN1VS00dng3NDZEYzZxdUlPbUJ1Z1pNeHJhaEVSMURJcDVtcEJGTUV1WjhJbnZJQWlNOElFNlBxX1JNRVpaYVFISi1WOUZsaVlvSS1HNnJXZ0NnT21CaE5qTWs0VVRtZUJrV3pjUThQS2JYa2JFM3pNcDRMMHFzUTlVMElTcGVfNk1vNnc?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek sparks AI stock selloff; Nvidia posts record market-cap loss - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijwFBVV95cUxNZEJpWmFPYUFwV3cxMHpMZTlqNFlLR1NWU1czeTdrUFlrNUdhMVUzOTNDcEJGbGxndDVpQ0xpc3pJN0R5blN3Um5CSF9Wa3lFTHduUUpfNnE1UlNzVUNNMTE5LVdyYjFORWRMZ3JUUnBzNkFhUVBXTWowVzIxOHB2UGlRMExsZk16RTNqalRvUQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What to Know About DeepSeek and How It Is Upending A.I. - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiggFBVV95cUxQTEpPc0syVm1OVHFrUDJVQWE4cFRoWVZDV0k3YlZET1ZwVlFhWW05aVlLZVoxbGxRUFdiSzQ1ZE00UXp0ak93ZzBNYzhmblpFNUhHRUlITXp6dHlLQXRTYy1DaTdRaVY0cTBSdFNTdldPbTJNUGxQblNrUlhPcG1lWlJR?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

A shocking Chinese AI advancement called DeepSeek is sending US stocks plunging - CNN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMie0FVX3lxTE9fbHVUYjJpTEFsWThfYkF0X1JQSFhmVWpmR1hBQmw4ZE93Z3BESGg5OEt3LU85Z1NvRDJ4UEhSRDZzMGdTZGZwSFJfYkp1S3cteV9HTHY3QloySHVkTFhSeGdrX1psTHNMSFYzTUVJbE9VUmVNQWFrb052MNIBckFVX3lxTE5yMi1XaDU2bklXd0ZvOThTVlFDX295TjhwckVtdG5KcW1QMUhGbGo5NmNHOGdtc3FKMWNBdTZhYmlkYzQ2YUpRS0pQbHdCVXI3RjhLeVRLN1g3Yk9UXzFZTGhXakEzODhyb3UwT0VWUHRDUQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek says it built its chatbot cheap. What does that mean for AI's energy needs and the climate? - The Associated Press
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinwFBVV95cUxQZ0JxOG1QVVBVRHhJcGU1eDZmcmZzRS14b2o0aXBwODlNZzF1SExjenFzR3R4dFJxaDVYUC1vTHBmSGdiRm13bkZMOUg5QjFGQ2ZtT2JuQmFKb3h2bldBTmIwdllkcjNHaDhYbzlVMk5wQl80RFl1RDNoTjFndFN2VnRGYmNRMjNGT2pSV1BQSnBla3gtc1RvblBzVnNwTGs?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek hit by cyberattack as users flock to Chinese AI startup - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMizAFBVV95cUxOamdmWlhseUZkQzRSUk90d01VQ2piRHFTVzJPM1ZFVlJZVkFUTzNNTkNZSlhzb19fWUxBcm1rSTFsbWk2ay0xYk5OVVdxamQydHAtTWhWREgtS2p2NmpjNHlBS09WX0c3cGlzQmJfUEI1a19jZXJUcGIwQWx5UTF4aW5Eb1ZGUnoweGtYT2pQMUR3czJ4aXlIbnk4S2szbi1wRGFnMGE4cWVOOVA4Tk1YRngyRWFhY0dfS0JmblhfblI3clktaXZUV1A5WUw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s Rise: How a Chinese Start-Up Went From Stock Trader to A.I. Star - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTE9INmpHMFdZaDBKYmRaUkQ4ZXhTYXJmZUpYUmtJZTA5RFZ3Z1BOZGk1dGpqOXlJanJmM0tDX3lIa3BWQ0d4NndweFdCY3RKUm5zVmFlQ1RQY1gwdk84eDExa3dxTzhfejlBb3Z0SDBKY2U4a1RLdW5tbXRhcHM?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What DeepSeek’s breakthrough says (and doesn’t say) about the ‘AI race’ with China - Atlantic Council
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiywFBVV95cUxQQUt0WVh5SlJEcFRQVjZWdWVzcG5YQWtFU3BRWG91a0lPOTJUX2RyYWFzNTd1Umc5N3pYb3ZNXzl2T3l1UEJxcl96TG5fM3p5MVZxNzd6MmVFN2s1VzgyMkVMM19jdWE1bGhudHVEZ1kydXc2NU00YjVvUGE4UHl1bDA2SWx2Q2lMTkhrNnkwbzNCbmlUdmZhWGR6YmxGQWJpTm5VVlo1MG44WUdpVmJUNGQxTjVHTjczSHo2SmtwWk10TnFsbUJCdG9UVQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What is DeepSeek? The AI chatbot is topping app store charts - ABC News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimwFBVV95cUxPdzh2U08xWHd2QjI3QVpoOWI3UU1DVzh3M1UwWkFGSEJiREdibjR4S1FJem80Yk9pMEg3XzBOblk4a2Y3eHc2QUpJa0t3c2Z6WTZLVXdoeUZaVXBDVmJ1dmhJMlduNFpxa3F4MmZsVnhCS25xeUZ6V0hnVVNITFlIbmUwcjBnWUY0RmRiem9QSHdrWUZsZ1gxU1hkVdIBoAFBVV95cUxPT044LUZrMzJJVnYwTndZbWFEVDJCT2lLUXhwR3JaeE1YYlJQWjJqTTF2T3ZCMU9LdE44b2QzY244TVBUc3Rwb014MFRjTThCWWRCNGljUnRMOHdvaGN6LTNZYXd4cVEwODlOS0U1MkZQNW5IcEpxVG9mYUdTaDZWNXRiRVhsa0Y3RS0xOUQtaC1qSjJjczgxX2szUnR6RWpw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek just blew up the AI industry’s narrative that it needs more money and power - CNN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihAFBVV95cUxPMXZHOGRsUFViUTI1OGtfMnVuc2haNGJrZ2JrcW51QlB6cjloVGdxQ0FaMDhSYWVXRFhxRXllTVFYa2w3dlRaOUNNcVNVMjZFQWJmTENIYk1fRDgwUmoyZk91N19CSno3aWFFUUFlcjlCXzZOQ25GZFkzNHI4a2QwWndmR3HSAXtBVV95cUxQekEyZklyVjJXV2RvUXJOWkFvZnNxRGJROVR5SlhRM25SOWctRDBGcXdUakFUZmpKZ3o0c2pnTzRkN0lGRVE0ZXlqYnR0d3E1UW55S2JrR29nWVFhYkh0N01CWnJtMmllY1lkZFRna2pCRnotSUhtTGFNcUU?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Will DeepSeek Burst VC’s AI Bubble? - Crunchbase News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMickFVX3lxTFBVbUJMV2dhdVV0bkhPb19kcHJ1X3Ryb0huV1djdHZUVU9ncEVNaWpyVkhvZ0VVb0dkWW9ISm1QYXFrRHJlb0szbXJ3Z2I5ekg3MUplXzhHcGNiWXFmdGMxTnJWZlIzS05qYWZLd0pVN002dw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What AI experts are saying about DeepSeek R1 - Mashable
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMieEFVX3lxTE40Q0oxemx5YUtieGZjMlJCaGh2NTVCZy1qV2xJRlJVaTlNUlV4UldUcE93R1pKTkpUVUNWTlVsSm1uNEhRWGEtOW90THJ1MHM2ZEZMQ0ZKRFpTZlh2MFNIaDVseUJ4OVBQYlIyb1pBV0RPMVo5aG5YbA?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

The Biggest Winner In The DeepSeek Disruption Story Is Open Source AI - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMizAFBVV95cUxQVWlBai1aSUVQRGlpX1JCN2w3Mkw0dGlVV05qQ3lfaUVaUkhDVWxMTHY3QXlobmlJMmNrQXhSWC1wMjY4cXlsa0VsNGV5cG9sOVFGVkV2ZW8zTW02NXFwMDRYRXR4NDdHUHd3aVNsOUpGbnZLVGl4VkZTRkNTbjlwb2J3T1BzU055QlkweUtaMDFEc05TOUQ0M09saUM4T2xyVGpoNmtaUXpkUm00SGZ5cjl3clhheV9IZXNEREFGUVd6cEdiQU05a1ZQNE0?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Top-Rated Chinese AI App DeepSeek Limits Registrations Amid Cyberattacks - The Hacker News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTE55TUF3aWw0X2l5WUZTLUVYYWZoOEViXy1uVjVTTFEzMUs2SGlyV1FSTDVRLThZR0UtWkVEZUhrMkFCdkxPUUVlR1lSd1FWTHVhRFl4cU13TVFZdExJMWUwRVRwYU9pMUpabWM0RW9WdnNyTFROOEgtbkc3Ui0?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI: How to try DeepSeek R1 right now - Mashable
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMieEFVX3lxTE5Td2NxSnJUS0JOd1Y5MjA0ODhpNEdrUnFPeGFYVG95bkxvUUp6cXd4WDl0MWtyekx0WkhTakhyNUl5cklCZVQ1dmVzdHNlZ0tYb1hETUJmWlhhZUVnQ1NoR050NVItRl9VVkdFZ21oU2hDNG1mSjdXYQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why DeepSeek is excellent news for the U.S. stock market - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiZ0FVX3lxTE5vZ0d0Yk5Xbnd3N0o4RE81VHBZSVY3cHRHSzBNU0FPR19xUkE1bG02TGdJZU5udldYeEd5UGRQYW1WTFVLSmxTZFo5eEdfQ0pGUVNjRE1hZ1hjeW8tdFRQOG5pSHlsSkE?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chips, China, and a Lot of Money: The Factors Driving the DeepSeek AI Turmoil - Carnegie Endowment for International Peace
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijgFBVV95cUxQM0NlMThVRVVUSVJJWlM3cjRKMzUyTHpNUFhtR004OUgxQ1Z3Y1plYl9sMHpyeTRqRTZLdlFTR3RrM2o2c3Z0cjhZN0trclpyWTNXVDlrcURFcnJ6cTU4MFk0cVoyai1EZkxuRVVZc1ItTGtnN3VpYlZEakxLaXFEWGJHWWp0Nms2WHlqYmNn?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What Is DeepSeek, the New Chinese OpenAI Rival? - TIME
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihwFBVV95cUxNejFXUnB0OGhEaUQ0MjQ1dGlXcWVQak5tLTh4ek1yUHBIY2FuSGdmN0k2U21DY1RLQmllQjhJV09aZF9tVHVieW5pUHJuMW5YcEVicFNvZlRHMEM2ZkczUEtkbHlKZWQ1NGdwMW4ycTNEZzNJemZJLXgwMlRRNHhqRXVxT1pIRzg?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Truth struggles against propaganda and censorship on China’s DeepSeek AI - VOA Asia
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisAFBVV95cUxQVjY3YUV1R0c3NlhWdkcwR3l4QnBrMllPbGpIUy1NelVld1RWbDdSMW9RX09xMVR3aTZRWG5DQklQbGZXWkhqdHBlemlFRkx6WWFNclBWOXpra2VHTzVHSldZaGxIUS1IeG5Pbk5mZnBoVXZBZlljWG13Y1hrTkpVR0g4V1BFNUlGanNaemdjR081Y2VaTk9ScjJETnpJd2JNUnJzVFhaajZaTFptOHJkSdIBswFBVV95cUxPYjVkVk0yMURNTFdJejFxWHJGVkxJX3RzMFpuRXZuM2g3Q09OMzFiMnNwdHlSUVlQbEZXOXZEN0Y4LUwxLUd3RS1nN3oxbUxJOE5QVUx5YmhuYzNTbzNDaUZ6MzZpMC04RmU1VThKYU1jdU1lTUR6TVd6TjhzQXZnMnlQY2NGOTNvTXlTLWwteXluTGZHbTJBX0l0RkxfZlpwX2ctMXFVNUJqVldiVTV3T05maw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Generator, advanced nuclear stocks reel as low-cost DeepSeek chills AI load growth outlook - Utility Dive
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxPcTV5YmhwdkUyLU1DZmNKRnQzaU1wNVNFeHBRQnh4S2MwZ0h6Y291Y2VkRUdFaFREbndjWWxHT1d4ZzRJSENHRlhpSElPS291aVBrblFyWVFOaVVYSFRmWUMtczIteE04eDByM2YzazFueUtfN2ZuM2tQX2puZ3dqSm5LdUhOc29nU2FrM3h1OVE0R1hqeWtZcTk3Q3hOSlYxS2x6OUYzcE5mZw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

ChatGPT vs DeepSeek: which AI can build me a better gaming PC? - PC Gamer
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimgFBVV95cUxQYTFobmNwZUJhWnZSTFlkblNmbGlZV2ZNRTFEd2RmWjlZZ1pIelpLY2Jza1ZWdVFHY18yZFdGWkVkMUNnSTJvdHJkYjlTYlZibEhPdW5MZWlWb0xYT2VUcE9NVEZ1MVJzeWJtREs3d0tzMUt3UGRFWThrcFZvemV1UVg0MzJPdUFMVkhvUjAtOUlPQm1KV3JGZUVn?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What Is DeepSeek? China’s New AI Is Now Open-Source - Tech.co
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiTkFVX3lxTE1wLU55MGFuRDlhWldMTlVTN3NjUWxmLUVxZjBZSGc4bW93NXRDa01qeFNpMDR1THlPUjFrbVRTd0ZMaWttYUtra2dZeEljQQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Examining hype about Chinese AI startup DeepSeek - TechTarget
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirgFBVV95cUxNSi1qNWU3LWZtWS1waUhkUVl5dGt0VXdoRU4ydlcxZHh3NGEyUTAwUVdYSU80ejR5UkJpclRBTWNIRFlvMTk0NGtrWjRjazRoZkdvSnJVSnZtVVctcFhfTXRoUTR2R00xY295V0E2ZkcxZ1JWbnlxVlNsQ3l4STFocXZoVUJLUVlkWWhvYlVuNnN6QTRKR1dzNDZab3ExSHFoV3R3cHI4TWRKV0pHaGc?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What is DeepSeek, the Chinese AI app challenging OpenAI and Silicon Valley? - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimgFBVV95cUxNTnNwVzJacXJRdEdDT09RdnFOTFJxR0U4d0c4SGZkc0JPTUtCTDB3TG8zTjUydDMwNXBhVXI3RVR1cHVwSXFSVnFkdFlBNDg5VXd5S0dmVUVQblhNVmhVd3lyY2ZBNXI1NGRxTVQ5akxRZFhnNU51TXRIQmV2VDdFTXNQOGd5ZGNaN21vSjJ0V19PQjdxdU80ZXVR?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why DeepSeek Could Change What Silicon Valley Believes About A.I. - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxNbm45aTBGWk1PaXlGYmxoT1FpYnViWXdzVEhGUUZHeWlUNzZSVUlZNG15RFUtYVFCQXhzT2hkTUM4Vmd6NEdCdU1HMGk2cDB5T1AxVWtjNkdlYnc5clVpZEZhVjFoSndPU3ZOWkxQWjVfOFZhUDhwd3Nya2MtTnZCVlczTURsdFpDeENj?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Unlocks Golden Opportunity For IT Infrastructure Providers - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivwFBVV95cUxNaWtzdXh5b1JXdHJyOXdDZnMxeXdDazY5VktnbFBQYnZSMHh1amNNamtyLUU0OXl6ZFQzVjlJV0VLd1lYam5ONGw2YXRyZXZOTkIwSEY5WFB0eFZOZWhCb0dFcUw2Mnc0OERBVXpZUkZURUlpQm1uck9IVU1wV1dTdzQ5TVhlM05YWS1zVFZ6MXowQnc5TjBOaFFWNU5QY3BrNXdTaERoYXN1bzlOLUlsa2FzQmRiVXdtMXdZc21hWQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China Brief: DeepSeek Doesn't Signal an AI Space Race - Foreign Policy
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTE9Sby1VWXhaQk40WEtaanB6SEVfUThNSWNReVBwd2ZJRnBEbGc4ZE1mTzlQRmtCS1NuemFlMXJTWGJHNl9fakNlX2xwZzg4em5mVXhOaXBZMGRWUDYtNGlmdjh6N3JXNUxTbUVMQmxXdVctc3J3dVRaY0RmdVA?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Nvidia shares sink as Chinese AI app DeepSeek spooks US markets - BBC.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiWkFVX3lxTE9oSFlUdEcyNWFRZk8wb1MwS2xrT253SS1IRkU3WTFoNTBQcFJEaXFOMEJIUmpMeDAyV3Y0am4wQlljWk1DakdvSk9STmVYMkhQZTY2NW1BQWFwd9IBX0FVX3lxTE82dnllNW8xUVQ5M2IwT0kteWZsR0ptMHNvN3VTM3YxbTFTWVFoTUs4alB1c1hFWXMySUhRaVcwLVhKeFZpR3I3RjRMS1pQdFEtR3F1VHh4dFB0VGYyYWVz?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

First Impressions of DeepSeek’s A.I. Chatbot - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikgFBVV95cUxPZTJ4Y0pvTTVIald4N3NVQlhpLUFVTDhaUFNWaTNDQVpzMTktV25lM0h5X3VQeDlBVzBaR1lUcHdJNzZrUzFEY2hCZ21lNzJXQ0ZBMHVVVXpqYjkxYXpZMHl0RXZDQnhLVVdOalUxVXRnRUtOLVhENTBqdDRwVS1aUF9Za0JPc3JNeV8yLTlDQUc4dw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

US tech shares recover some losses from steep DeepSeek selloff - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipAFBVV95cUxPM1NUaC01MlQ3YldEQWxFZ2k0MGt4MjJKZDlKeUdOcXYxa2FiRnZ0MFRmUWFVOE9YTGNLRElfbW1lbUl4ODdyNkVDQS1vTllEcHFobEIyUHpPNzNkM3l6LVpRWHNjdTRWWmEycnNGLThxdTJldms1dm8td01IbVNNVWU4SWxXODJMOG1TOUh1RUdpdjd3a1N3LWhNS0VmS0tTaTJ6TQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China's DeepSeek AI rattles Wall Street, but questions remain - VOA Asia
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxQT3BCbm0yMmVKSEQ2ZVpXbnVSalpfZDJKODJQajNTcGhOU0xYWVBveTVFUFNtRVRqcjlxa1N6MGppbGhqbm9WT2hwQkNrTUF0Ni1XVWZySk1sYWFwMThHQ0dLZXNhMV9HUldkV1hZZE9UZTR0QzY3eFJwLVN3QnNLdGVockxPZXJEWkw4VnY5UVA5TEkzeEVYbHpBR19DczZ6S2fSAaQBQVVfeXFMT3o4cXJmc1FVZ2pGbXR4c2pYZXI3MHlLRkt2WVlCQkhMQzhSckUwSFFYbG9ETG5nd1BQZ3ZnUDIzcXM0SU5ETkxjUEJ5dVhqMEp1dkVaZ245TktfbHhETTYwQzFnOHB6Znp3TUNGeGplM3hmc3BhbTdiNmhUbFVDbjU1bTY0ZzFrT3Y0RFVYNjA4aEgwU0NNdDc0S2FkQ3FiektOV3I?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

White House evaluates effect of China AI app DeepSeek on national security - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi4wFBVV95cUxNTWVicjJhaTBWLVc5ZnMzS3c3VzNSU1FlSlVldUl4bmgydmFnNU5tdEpUWUQtRFFPWi1Wc2o5MkxaSnk5cjJWeWl4ak1CTEplUkN5VWQwWXdrb0pDTnhWcEo0SEVEMW9rQVFfZ2dhY3VFQkQ3SDFIRFNnY1FBVkRmWk5Gdi1IR25XZ055THpPT2dLM1BxS0xwT3Vob3VWMGdkZVM1TG9TMWNKbVNWYXFtZzl4TzBfa0huRTVlRUh3OVRVS2xuYzR4ZlNMNV9sOFhnYm05dU56SXpXSDdkODFiUnJ2dw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Upstart Chinese AI company DeepSeek's founder started out as a low-key hedge fund entrepreneur - The Associated Press
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxQNFVoTExmUGFlV01vc3RNM29Fa3hnQjQ3Z3hDYmladExnR0FmamZ3b0poWFpOYWhaOTdJWTRHWjFjNktnZDFBUG5OM2FhcGFnYnZZNHZBTjNsRGFWbk9wLTdmcGU0M1o3MmptS3hFa09ZWHNkRm93MjZrcHdUbzJ0WEpkMFZpaF8xMHNhaEpaT2t6WnlGU3NSMXYtQ3FvRXVU?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why everyone is freaking out about DeepSeek - The Verge
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiowFBVV95cUxOdGh3bFhCWERZZmZ4N3cyS21CRFgxN2F5aWp6bTRENzQtTzNERVkxTnFVREJDcVEzOThvalh3ajV1T2g0Rkh1YXJVVWl6RnF2S3FBN3hGRHIzY1dtNUxvREpORFBWZmpRblAyazRZWkQ0bEZTaEkyUVBoZ1B0UnBkZUFFMGNNc0NFZnRkRVh1eUFoZlpkN1lTVFNaZk1CVXpOXzk0?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s New AI Model Sparks Shock, Awe, and Questions From US Competitors - WIRED
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTE5MYkhBeGkxUVdzTDltc3ZzM0ZuUnVLY3FSWTB2ZVh3RkVQV2JFTjdfRFdXR3VKQVNwdTNDOG9XaGg0dHdhRDQ4M1E0dEF6dHcyRUY4NFFkakpSOWRlOE5aRXpIaXduYzdBYXlBQ0IyWGFkN3RPTUtSekZ1RHQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why DeepSeek’s AI Model Just Became the Top-Rated App in the U.S. - Scientific American
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxQTHFHV3RibU1PZWVQMzkwS3IxZ3ZzMTVmVU1SZHQ3bW9SRU1iV2QyVEQ3Z2RHYnpnR0pLS0JnSmY1a0FzaXY1amp0R29iQW1xNld4VVIwXzNiTFZTTXppUzhjdVhPdmh2eUtVZ21PWnRlbXhERERleVRvcnVERVUxNHBIUmNQVlpjZkdKWjNLbXkwNlhCN2lsVXlhSUVkMHVxZkJRcVRyOHMwQ3c?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek's new AI chatbot and ChatGPT answer sensitive questions about China differently - The Associated Press
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiygFBVV95cUxQNGNPTF9nb2x4X0twRDlqcGZBVU1oLVphQU5HUkhMbWdUUGo2aHNQajM2LW0zYzRQZWkyenlzMTR5QURoUmcxTnVYNUNWUklYWm5oX3JhMEJUVERXcXlZc1lrUUdDZnd0WDJ3T2hPREtJODFWd3UyVkp3dGh2YWpKMWN6MUFJdXJ3dUxsbllLVG9NMXItNG9rZTYzN0gyRU9JSjF5d1M2Y1N6NTNUU2ltUXVJWm12S1lmbVl4QktRdFpRa0lTbWlEMEhB?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek's growing popularity renews concerns about protecting U.S. data from Beijing - Axios
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigwFBVV95cUxQYTlzUzM0U1dfWlJ1WE5LZFRPbHBtY3ZxUDVOeVJ4UUNwam9vb3YyX3pySFJmNG5iY1JqdUNsZXo0ZXlqeGNFTzR2QUI5eXRRUUVScUtMNUl0MjFNUWtjUmEzZzVRUVpqWEw2N0hBbzlwRUxvaUtYTjRiMjhRLUxRTVRCRQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Has Disrupted AI — Here’s What It Means For You - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxNQS1VSmo4Yk9mT242X2pleGw0c25RV1F5cmJKRlFGY08weG00UHFpcmFlWWdhSWxoSi1PVnJUMUF6S3NPQndIZEp3OWdJREQzMHB3MEhVSWFpU1RrQU5pQzdXU0IxN0x6Mkh6SFVyekNvSXFSU0JxeUJOWXFFQ2VHcUtOX2FNeFoxVkpFTXBSRV85RnZxRUpYeDF6emcyTkJETXNNTFBZcDhCNG8?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How Did DeepSeek Train Its AI Model On A Lot Less – And Crippled – Hardware? - The Next Platform
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisgFBVV95cUxOX1JJZnlacVFpZkdBczhZZWVFVkhVZ2ZyTVNUeFA0TU9GQW1pTDFMZ04xWXhOX3NMb2JXZ3FrT3NrNlNma0NoT2QxSXZJTTVsbWY3R1RjR3lCNThveGQtdF9KYkNLZlkyZmJPb1NkSW5JYlBGdU16ZTZ1dzl4QzBIbmVOMEhERXk0alZxd3VMLTd6a2c1LU42ZDFGd0F6WDNXZUVkVHR3VTNaMFRVb3Z5clpB0gG3AUFVX3lxTE1wc0MwUjFnM185Tnh3aUpVOF9HMGFSTW90bm53ZEpBTDlqeWhnVHI5d2JPTnR4V3NfVFdYcFRYQ3ZWTDVWUE8wcFc5ZXprYkQzclVmeFBnRkJ3MTRDSm9QV3ZBTk1sQ2N3WWF6cms0cFU4cmFDWjFUWXlXVVJEZ3dWVVp0UWh6SGo5U1Z0eHlIVnh4SjhkWUk5SEdZODBQYnFRVmhlUFltUTk0R2xVQ09LbS14THhhOA?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Stunning breakthroughs from China's DeepSeek AI alarm U.S. rivals - Axios
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMieEFVX3lxTFBvWjZucV9RRVgwZVB3YkFrRlo3WS1DQXdqWVNUS0tOS1doekRVSHVVR3NrSjE4QzFSVm9yaTBiSFRFa3dFZjJTLTZBY2V0MDR2N21xcE9EdTl2bERXeGJMT3c5SHJyTWhMajFZV05zd1ViSGN5aU5TbQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1 Upsets AI Market With Low Prices - Statista
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Future of DeepSeek, Like TikTok, May Come Down to Trump’s Whims - TIME
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiVkFVX3lxTE9OQmZwUzVoVlg2RVBvU29lUFhDeHJIbU5pUEFKbXFfTGM4NkxSVzNUUnFqS0pDc2ptVkdhUWdKdzBPeTh1QUZJQ3VjYlBaMmRReWR5UDFn?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek sends a shockwave through markets - The Economist
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikgFBVV95cUxPeG1wRlRpLVRqN3FmNE9jb194YVNfNjA3T3RsR3JIaXY1aUNTU2RIOVVLQmxpd2NjNC1KTmpDNDJlVXdpQkhjZTA1Ymh5OEN6a0FDZmwyRzBPcG1DemxMSHRNdU1LSGdvMWVEMDRST3ctcHdHTjlKc244dTluM0E1SnZfd29mcjZfQ3pkbXBkeV96dw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Who Is Behind DeepSeek? Here’s What To Know About Founder Liang Wenfeng. - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivgFBVV95cUxNSlFwMC1jeTM4d3B3dkNGX0xqaW0xYURacHBLaldRdFF1NGdYbTRRTmZMZ3VoVGQxb0Q3U1Y2RnBsOG5KUWszV1pCMmFteUlkWlV5THJJeEdiN0JLeDNiR2dvYm5GRFpDNTdBV3dZU0tWWWFNbmNmMnB3azZBR09MaEdyRm16cHkwLUZuTU1seHpPR3J3b0FZSVo4N1pUNFFhUTJENEFqRDZUMkZ1YWF6X2d1OHhyY0VRZVlLczZ3?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Hype Vs. Nvidia And Apple: Will Calmer Minds Prevail? - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisAFBVV95cUxQeDFTQ1MzUGdlSEl0Q3lxbzY5RnhHWENvd2hEVlJwcHJ5ZEowWlRUcTRsU1JvQllQVnJ5d2JqcC01MzNlc2hnTGxFckNuNDYyaldhWEowNVpBczJIY2xramJSVmY1RGxZS05qbkVzZUFfTmVWMVpaLWxlQTRQRjJUcnpZTG5BWFFZckFKT2tUZXYyRlBDRWpuaE1kb2RSeGhsM3RsWUtpYWtTbGNWdS16ZA?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek's low-cost AI spotlights billions spent by US tech - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi2gFBVV95cUxNT2hvaTRoWk03LXRiMEtDWUlFVHVSbXI4allGd0tWLWh3Q3Y5R3RoYVgyc0xyQXkzTkV0Z3Nmd1ZSbUd3ZWJvZ3o5WU9qaEc5MUJDQTAtX2VPUElmVG93UWg0NXZFV2t6YUJNeXdLcEpRS1VfU2g0bGtnZThhcVFrWUdmRGhKa0JldkNwZUs4M20wVEpZajl5RkdpS3JwWFN4WGp4MU1Kc3BIVWxIcllGM1RKYzg0VjE1cTF4Z3NQQlBqLXFLbGlPcl9pVHYzZUg0YWhBVUFOUVVqZw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Nvidia says DeepSeek advances prove need for more of its chips - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipAFBVV95cUxQQXJMTXBvV3hqOEZSM2dzcnUyYXdOZHlOcEdsa3kzLTJqekRGemdjUUpjS0R2OVpuWFlPSUx4OC1CTkxuQXRPd21KV2cxSTlFS3lSeHV3a3FtNjg2UEFFYWhvTEMtdnRfUzRSNnhVRWdBYVVfT0Iyd1NMaDRxTkVQTUw1MC10OS1uMTBwdW52bzV3NmRtYlduZjZkRTItMnFCODFBTg?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

The real DeepSeek revelation: The market doesn’t understand AI - Semafor
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipgFBVV95cUxOQUxQSy1mOTZGYnhzNkgxdWNWWmsyUFVaSHQ2THJIZ0hIcjlvMERxQVpLbVF6Y1RUWm04Zm4yemRVeE1VOUJNT2JPQzJlRFBJMWVEYTl3NGY2dVhuN1pDem4yaFh6OEZzX1hvcHd1OFpOblJJNWQ0OWQ0ZWRfNXRnalNsVXpveFdxUktZR0tpREc2dmRnTGZkMU1IUGE0Q1I5NWtYMVN3?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek: Welcome to US artificial intelligence’s Sputnik moment - ComputerWeekly.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirAFBVV95cUxOdkV3MTVHWHczRUF5VVdQcUhxRXN6REVOZ1dRdFIzYzRqdVN1YmJUaDdHdTNGaWRIRWVFbVpud2Exa1BuVlFvVkhCbEk2c3V3ZG1BanlNYVUxcGhfSXNqYXFDT1BGeExPZ0pFcW1XenVMQXdqNnZBTl93bGs3czB6TG5vbG4ydi13V0hfakhZRHN4UmUzT2JOY2JnM1M2WElGQ3ZuV3V6U1VqWUFz?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek R1: The “Impressive Model” & Military Affairs - Futura Doctrina
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMickFVX3lxTE41UWM5bEg0bzZnWTlfNndhTVAwOUs5U25DTDRkSGNxV0tiS012a0JtR1pFd2hhWE9mSXgxZ1ZhOURmTThnMWttN0kyNGNaTkR3clhZZ19DZVhYTnRESmp6b0Q0YnltSkpRNGhleVk0MmxEUQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Breakingviews - DeepSeek offers no new answers to China’s AI bind - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimwFBVV95cUxOS1N5NS01MWFycjBMbXBvaWNXUEFORnBHU1pDZ29laHY2b1BYVl9hMlNNdWxTWUFqNVlBYXB5MUpxTG1Fei1vai1zRlBZcFk4ekVJb0FMdW1mRTk4c0tMb3ZmcWFZVDBaNmFYRE54TVAwYVNwOTF2eW1jc0FVM3JMWGV5d1NiN3pRSGpSbElmSmk3UlJ2cFpOLWpIdw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek hit with large-scale cyberattack, says it's limiting registrations - CNBC
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Is Breaking The Internet - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijwFBVV95cUxNdkZFVWx4YWdjRXE4MktCT1lydDZVS2xrclZyVnVacjRxX3NZVVB1NHFEUkM5ZUwxX2VBdUhKN3hFQmE3WHhIcTE0MWM0U2hKLTlrN0xLMFo5YTZKTTFOclRkdUppcmFsUkRmcURHdWQ4V29rcWtzTXQ0WUxqS0RJNmctZzZrS3pEby1kcUY3Yw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

White House "looking into" national security implications of DeepSeek's AI - Axios
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMid0FVX3lxTE9SS1N5WUFWRUVtUk5RajVxNnlZeHBTZ3JNRFVNNnZ1WVUwZDd2Z21qcUx5bEg0cG9tbzFuc2xVQ04tb2dwOTgtcjhmVHZSdnp2NUUtTjNMdENjRlVoRndEUUF2bTV4VUJ0aGRDcmFTU0syd0xNUUNV?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek could dethrone OpenAI's ChatGPT. Here's why - Mashable
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMia0FVX3lxTFB2SDFPazdZcEtUQkhqQmZiLS1YSWtmTFdhSUNPNmNYeHlOWUZWTjd1LXNQOGFqLTZBWXRKNmo3UFp6Q1NwOV93Wl85c1ZpR0g4NzRJQ2RJMV9TNFdFM010TFRmU0ZIZ3lwWTdZ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek R1: Five key takeaways from GenAI’s “Sputnik moment” - TechInformed
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiYkFVX3lxTE5TY3dyQmhxZXdwOUJzUEtKNU1HUUctQlNMZEVOVlUtYWlPWXVxV3FYcW83Mm1MNy03VGJ5QnEtbkh2eDVGcWMya0pjR1g0d2Jmb0hxRnNCZnh1a3VFRTM1VGJR?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why DeepSeek Is a Gift to the American People - The FP
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMib0FVX3lxTE83WWJPcC1OUTJlT0Y4RUJRLWN5Wm55THBnMF9KczJ4WUVwR3I0UmtmVkJYNWlma3BlRkhDdGlRYzdtN0s0bm1KRjdZalhGLU9iaThMTGVCQlVJWHZVLVpaSy1uMERJX2hVcENIMi1tcw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI Is 'Good News' For Enterprise Software, Says SAP CEO - Investor's Business Daily
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijgFBVV95cUxPdVEydEFzSUVhQzRCaGtodG9Ra1F6UFpHbmNKMVNQSFRtMFNBU0NXd254WUUzLWVNZXZkU2pUVnBOMEtmM3F5Uzh6QkpNSGxVeFAwNEdGbkh6WXU2X2dBeU5qbVRicWctYjRfeFI0MlM0QlU2amNfalhwSlktTk1NUlA1WklNeGM0RGk2TTlR?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China's DeepSeek AI Model Shocks the World: Should You Sell Your Nvidia Stock? - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilwFBVV95cUxOVFBDbjBnR3ZmaWZ3T2ZxNXMtZ1hCWlBaa2JSWGNfNXNJQ0JDVV9kQUpBMl9vNm1rOGJ5cFFjTUIyMEJET0VneUFrMHdnSGZzRE9PZEVMNkt3SzBGMWlOT3ZqNVJXLWpTRHJCM3gzVnN6UmE1TVRyRXNqdzZIVlVGaGUzald2VW44YnBEZFQxUUFuUEw1eTVn?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

7 Ways to Think About the DeepSeek AI Freak-out - New York Magazine
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilwFBVV95cUxQLVJzNzlDS2hQeWZZSlYwWXZObkpoaFBOQVl6VzBCNUZoOHRLWXQ0UXduQmlGMkZ2NTJKeGhuQlpZN3VGRlg0MlJILWhQTG56TVpUcnREVnk0STRTQnRTUWRVMUE2Nno2anFWVDJlWXp0SWU2NDRscnpfTGNxX1dZV3ZMb1dhT2VqcDZ4RGtTRFVQc2ZoSW4w?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

​How DeepSeek AI just changed the game for LLMs - The Drum
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijgFBVV95cUxNNlh3TzBtQm1Wai1nZGFVQnhjMVV6NmpNYnUxSFBhNjZUU2VHVWphcDJLS0M3MEZtYzZmZ0NmX01SX3YtNG4xUzZQNS1pSU5OS1pWTlRxZlI1bUhEOFhIOVZZOVR2WVRlekJXc1VYWkJyeHZUVGhCT1NPbDNBRU1fV19PaW5RX2FXbkVPQThn?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek displaces ChatGPT as the App Store’s top app - TechCrunch
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikAFBVV95cUxNcW5mRmN1WllmeWlmVGp2eDlWSmVXZnVqR0lyNEZFREN1N1R0NG96U3pBVEZJZGdtMm5YVU1NVzQtZ05EVzdtejA3eHk5VEhFcTVIZlpxTENPdmY3d0pVX1g3QzBhM0Rrd1pmMkFBbElwZWkzTGNwbkMxOVVIX21BczNiRHhsY2Y4UHZ4c2hjWm8?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What to know about DeepSeek - Axios
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiakFVX3lxTE45dWQ4bXpLVnc3STZjMnRtRUotajhOX3ZnUGJPa0t5eDltWmJPc1k0dHJHQnBlN1lzVkxLRnhFeHpVYUZTdE9zYnNiTDl6aGlOUXJIcHUzQkVNWmJEN1Iyc0RCQW5GN3J1a0E?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What Is DeepSeek? What to Know About the Chinese AI Startup That Spurred a Stock Selloff - Investopedia
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitgFBVV95cUxOU0JRckdBLWo3N2RjVElQcWJ0S3VBLXdteURXbkY5UWJaMUVsUzFaSUthdzdzVk9PUno1Nm1YYkZhNkdHdFhjLWR1a3F4NVBaeS15d0FjUUhsTkNYUXRjb2NNZkpReEh6eFBLU09MZjJVNnVhYW13N0d6YnpSNmhQRHhaemh3alc3U3hiTjFobkY2SXh3RU0xV2tuQjdIVDRCSU9za3hjQVQyeGNVMFRtaEVYNEkwUQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek dropped an open-source AI bomb—what does it mean for OpenAI and Anthropic? - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi1wFBVV95cUxQSk9mQ0dvRUZkMnBlNk8tVEc3dVZjOTFycFNjLTJ5d3RkeEFhRVMtX0ZOV3NmWnB2UURtNU1EdEVnbzdXRE5kZ2prb2VQNkx3RUpybTM2TjYwd29oQUQ3UFBNaW1oemxzRkM4VXZXdExKWDQ3UGxNeXI3cFRiQTFWMS1NWDdDci02VEU2Q3h3WTJhdkFCU1VwQzN5OERpX0dWX2hDMjdjczZEVUdOYlpia1NHU0toOU1SSkVLWFhxY0JGLU9GS1hDQjNYUkJfNWc2cUl4bkNlTQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Now In Perplexity’s AI Search—U.S. AI Dominance Challenged - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitwFBVV95cUxNTHpBSnJMWHVITUxaS0NsVzJrRFVoZnk0eU9tbG9oMWpjdl8tdmlFTmRDV2dydzNWTnZEMHJ2NGNpMmlTREg1SUg2UWUtOExwWmNKVnNnbmJFZXlBcEdTVm1tT3Y3VEMzZ3dYLUtIOGR3WVNvYkJEZjVxTXZYMVFqbmlUSFV5MnZyQ3IyY19EX29wVGt4T0h1dTZZV1QyX1A0WHVQLVRGUTQ0V0p2aHZXb0dwWHl6MjQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese AI startup DeepSeek shakes up industry and disrupts financial markets - PBS NewsHour
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Italy regulator seeks information from DeepSeek on data protection - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivwFBVV95cUxNdjhFVG5PY3BkcWROWmV6QXZSeHRlYWNvb1h0X2thNTNaUEJTcFBpTEIzQmdLVXR6dy1IUUJacnJEc1dTb2gzYnVDX2tHUUxVWkw2OFMzOTBERy1fQkZtbkppaEx4cGoxNVJsVWEweW1CelVwSnp6N2swaDE2UmxPa3hUZUh3TjJZdHYzcXVZUUR1VXZzdlVyU3E3aXBzLXBXaVRDU2FzZF8tbjJ2ZFdKTlRqSjN3V0pMSzVnRTctTQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Marc Andreessen warns Chinese ChatGPT rival DeepSeek is ‘AI’s Sputnik moment’ - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxNNzE3RjdQaEVNdG9Mc2M4R2NJWlppZkRMbElqb3RoNVZKUUw1cG1nVF84RVBTTmNaUkt6d19YUXJaUmxHYmZpRTJIbHZWdmUtSEVYQjM3OC1jbDFwaUplc0lFSkRVWkg0WWFiTEZNTHpsWE5RUVgzV3BWSWVLOG5JZA?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why Is DeepSeek Sinking Nvidia Stock? - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimwFBVV95cUxPanJSaG5maHhVUGVFRXNUQXp4a2pMVkMyQTlweTRKT201QzdhMWpTaEo3b24xLThlWHRqbEpnWmJxZjdkYVhzaXBnenNvV1FpU2g5R2ZVcXJTZU5ZdG1TTTlxOFRXYnB0MWItZzMyaHNwcnV6N2lmQ21TYUNOOFZiUFp4V2xucW5lZ21hcVJBYmgwZjJEZVJUdXJ0OA?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s Popular AI App Is Explicitly Sending US Data to China - WIRED
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMia0FVX3lxTE1ycmVXd01WSm1nZWhYS0pIc0dfTlBoTFAwQ2k1MmtYWlVuWGxDSGlDOFVtV2FacGNhbnU0Tm5fQmpMR0tPUHo5aGxHTlFfMmhGVkYxVEg3TmxkWTJGXy1Za1lsMlVMQ1dXQkxF?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek and Masa Son Have Lessons for Stargate - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiowFBVV95cUxQOFhXb2pvTHpFT0VnSTMzSExjM0kxTVlqcFhRaTMyQWx0OVQ2RWpJQVFMUllnd3hUelJjMWZvLTVuQ1VaZjl0NGVXenc2MzRDZmM4d2J3RDFLNzBiX3VHMjNkaWg4S0hiMDZiQWVNcHNCOUw1dzF0UlhDNWdtbUZqMVhqM2FKZnNtTWNwOXltZ2xYdGNQcFlPZGhKQ2JsUks5d2RB?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

OpenAI's Sam Altman calls China's DeepSeek's R1 "Impressive," but promises better models - Axios
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMid0FVX3lxTE5lWFlzY3o4eDN3TWNoN3pfUFBNeGtZM0t1QUdlYk8ta29faDhOWThUYzgtVUZHWUhqZ09nUG5aMkNsNjFickUtTk12OURreDNsOHFWVkU3WXg5MFZ6YWc2N3lvWlQ1aUdBb25LSGxfT19LTmF3UWo4?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Seek Deeper On DeepSeek For Artificial Integrity Over Intelligence - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivAFBVV95cUxPUkJ3ZjlyT2tDY2llcVM4WHhDdGMtZHJJd0ZSd0pFdXVsQ0t3Tl9FOUhoVVYxazRKVk9PWnVoeDlNN1huQVlZaHJSWC1vMUI0bUNRMzNOUnhrMnY5SHFFNEp5VWw3WXlIazJDNWxFN01EdTdiTlc0LTFsVDZCa2pvMVJ1dVNRMjFwc1cyemVqTlFaV2tsZWtBUkw3TWNpSUg5akJxWk1GMl9pSXJQZUEzQV9ZeG1JdmN3eVNrMw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Who is Liang Wenfeng, the founder of DeepSeek? - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxPX0FONEpaUlpwQmJVZGo4cXVYUlh1Z0hudjFPZGFNUWRTUzNXeEZOdWJ4a2ZZOGtPbzR3R2hXMVliSlVGR1k2a3VVRzZMY3BndmdFOGF6eER5VXRWaTBaV3lfVUlwaVRwcEtQMlM2LUloWVZHZllPYkdDZlhyQjJueWVtcTgwOG9rRFdZcHpIVW5Zam1hM09rUTVKU2Y5dUpTc2E3YmhkdEhPaXM?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What is China’s DeepSeek and why is it freaking out the AI world? - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikwFBVV95cUxPb05HU2RjTjlCa0FVcEt4Z3ZWZE40bnV4VWJJekw1M3AtaE1td19BbDN1S1FabGpBMlZGRWhDdEFRREpUakRtcjdZU1dkNk1wX0FlUlpXQ3paY3JaNzlhOVZIaTlTTG9NRjIwRjdhS1IzdlktSV9pUFJoRm43WlZ2T2FBNkQtZEJmN1Qyd20ydllYZGM?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI is now on top of Apple's App Store - Mashable
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibkFVX3lxTFBFWlVsTkVMT0hUMDdNNDNGR3BKYXFvaEc0LXNfQkJHbWY4X0U2UGt3Z2xPV2NYTGlmZGYzMVc5bjNXWGRGbFR4Wmtmekd6a29YM0ZUY1pZaFZmcVlqUXdpcDdTQkZaS3FsTnlfZ2tB?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What is DeepSeek? Everything you need to know about the new ChatGPT rival that's taken the App Store by storm - TechRadar
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi7AFBVV95cUxNNmRCMVpBeEplbmpQVDgxcl9yNkxSaWtteXJIQ1FQQXpqWEpZX0U5dnA2UERBajM5R2lFbG1jSWNMWHkyMFNwWHFpaWJTUWt2RXJJNUZ5TWhzYm5faVdwQTRDZzZuV2dLVUpoc2ZzeTVKREgyYkZQZlAtMFNzdHVkMFB4QjU5Vkt0dkRGLVBmcS1zakc5Yy13TFVOWnlTeU96LXVxeE1lNTdJSXNnOVRDM2liZG9xNlQ2bGZDT3BtNGxXWnBDNmVXdkNOSnhqb0pYZnBESEsyeGhWZ2VNVlVKbm5iVEhJMkhXNTB5Vw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Shows Silicon Valley’s Huge Blindspot on AI - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisAFBVV95cUxOODRLdFRsWGQ3RkdhWGxROF9nWU9qSjFyMTEteldXc3ZGV2dtekdNS3lDM2RLYXZOc2lOWlR6MlhheVFDOXQzM0M1a0lDSjVIUGpsZHlzS2h3ZDVzNnQ3TC1kQlNaQUsyUVlfcWV6YXBldEJDQ043T1JkUmxZcmlsenk0VHRZV2dTUWNkTXdLWGs5WnRNZS1hVktRcDkteGlPMkZSZk1oaFpNMkFEMGV5ZA?oc=5
Published: Mon, 27 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What is DeepSeek and why is it disrupting the AI sector? - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiugFBVV95cUxQWTJSc0ZkcldqX1lLUGUwdUtjTmR0M3pTbG9PbkJtRERTeHVOQUlYS1AwTDViUFc4ZldNN0ZDcHFqX1ZLZ0pGaTNqY2U1T1dqOFZYWHZfU3NHRWYzVldiLXdBVXl6N1V3N3dyekRwSGw3bi1rTlBNVDhRaEdnU20wMlNaemRnV1hqbXhRSzdMcnRBRnVsdHVRalJRUTZKTWVybnB4X24yaTFBV0JOTXFEMWdWdzdDTXNsT1E?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek R1 is now available on Azure AI Foundry and GitHub - Microsoft
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxNd2YyWFdsV203bVBxQUs1cnB3VGdtazFHUG5IRk5oUFJSeUtFR2d0c1V2OWZFNVc4LXNsRHBqMFhhRFhFQTNSSk5hUm1qUVdlRDhkVDhwWGp5OE4zQ3lUU2Q3UW9NZmtvdTllQVlJWV9KZU1zdExJQ3c2bXl6bloySk9FLUFwM0c1WktlVDg1aDg3bGxDcG5qcEFHamtkVUhF?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Wiz Research Uncovers Exposed DeepSeek Database Leaking Sensitive Information, Including Chat History - Wiz
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiggFBVV95cUxPYjROX0x2VFBuYks4RDVZVEZNYnhwNVdEN3pRbkZqWDhnYXRwMjdVOHFOWmt6eU44YllkTTJuOTFlaHdtTjVPeXd5OXpEbjNzLTJVMlROMVpaU2ttY2p3eFhSRUFOcUp3LU9VSWpqNmllN2dhUkVFWTB5c3pyNjdPUnJR?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

My First “Conversation” With DeepSeek - Econlib
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibEFVX3lxTE42cnc1RmtwTVdPd0wzNWhvWmZMWTJLTlQ4N3c0SGxPcHZXNktyWnJaMXJSUTJ1ZDVZVDVDODVJbWMwampyNFNGMlJwRXZUeWxJalRSQ3dWdUQyRDMySFNxRnZrT1ltRUF4bnNNeg?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What is DeepSeek, and why is it causing Nvidia and other stocks to slump? - CBS News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihAFBVV95cUxPdFJMYkZNWlMteVdyOGp2THV3dlY4aFhwRUg1M1NZWkp3dS05LVhsVkROcHlzbm43bEJJSXdwOWJEbW5JR0x4SXVPMnhiR2tQUEhsWVlwa1RwZldxc21adm9tS0dOTGFBMWVBbFZ4cEJkYmEwREROQk5hOXh3ZXp5X2w5MU3SAYoBQVVfeXFMT25wRmtWamVPMW9BSjVyMHg1WGpSUS12cVczOUtvZ041bGtFRGViT0xFWFlQTVh4S3BLX1Q3R19tUjlZX01hQVZvLVFRVWlTRVVJMWZCWlpUb0ktYkJDQzJ4aTRpME9OLXJ4SldpWnBRZWh6VzEzbDRqRHZfUVB4dlZUNWhTS0lMcl9n?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Q&A: What Is DeepSeek, the Bargain AI Roiling the Stock Market? - The Darden Report
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipwFBVV95cUxOS0ZWeE4tR041QUhDQWNNQUZfQ3VOa1lzNXpNaE04SnpDR3hiMXpTc1BxeHJTTjQxU196VlNpYUtFbF9LZlVtNWo0NndGYUlEc2g0NmhQeDdScFdqQllsOElPazZHVGpNNXBrdmpvRnU2dzlqOTVDczVPdUlQLVpua2JLdVROQ3ptVlh4WGVMc1NWaENSaThQRlhfeVdUdy1DTkU4N1c1bw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What Is DeepSeek-R1? - Built In
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiZkFVX3lxTE9IbHNMRHVCVEsxa3k2Q3VDRTBZTk9lZnVWN2MwTVVnMmlxcWJuQncxZkViQW9UTk1QUUdvU0VKZlFnbGpQemZCOV94elZ6UTdCSXNzS1Vhc2ZmVW5OYW5KVXdvX3ZsZw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek: A breakthrough moment for AI - KPMG
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMia0FVX3lxTFBoUHRlTUVBdmZ3TlN4RlJOMFQ3RUNpZlpmakx6ajJiVTFHWXNIMWQwZ3BBZnhiZmdEWG1kX1lfVzFERUVRNGxYbG9lcnFoaGt5d2tRRkV1U0V2UVNhb3E4dUJZbGw4UnFGcFI0?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How does DeepSeek R1 really fare against OpenAI’s best reasoning models? - Ars Technica
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxQVjlVOVI1Y21pSHFURUtpYWN1QXVVVllKQTZVUTZ3THIwSXpSaHc5UU1YNkRrRzZsQWpTaE15V3RQeEQyaVh3NXVBZWdTV1R6aUhQSFBHcy1kTVpidkF3VjBUWHpIRTZCNXFPSDlGeWhpemYyencyczQwbTNoLVN4amVrOElJZURXNjBQdWs0RFFlS3NneENTN1FHRW1sbUtTbWFtYVlyeDI1QQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek says it built its chatbot cheap. What does that mean for AI's energy needs and the climate? - The Associated Press
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinwFBVV95cUxQZ0JxOG1QVVBVRHhJcGU1eDZmcmZzRS14b2o0aXBwODlNZzF1SExjenFzR3R4dFJxaDVYUC1vTHBmSGdiRm13bkZMOUg5QjFGQ2ZtT2JuQmFKb3h2bldBTmIwdllkcjNHaDhYbzlVMk5wQl80RFl1RDNoTjFndFN2VnRGYmNRMjNGT2pSV1BQSnBla3gtc1RvblBzVnNwTGs?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Is the Wake-Up Call Our AI Overlords Needed - Inc.
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimgFBVV95cUxPbjFacTVCa2pXbFlBUmxiSlp4bnFzb0tjTW0tZHFTY1F4UmhUQ3hsdXlESWk5RVpXMUVjUXdsZnpXQUg5YU5hXzYtRzdYbEs5MlJ2ZDN1UjVId2JwNFpTTmE5b1lXdmNnUVU0OVZUNkF6eW1ZbUphU0E0WFZvTWRHMXhOT0xDQkJTN1AybEFzMjNkXzYtLUpVSGNR?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What’s DeepSeek, China’s AI startup sending shockwaves through global tech? - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitwFBVV95cUxPUTJ1Y000cWpvU2poRHhuVml2eWtkVFZoWkIzNllqNEkzWWZiMzhVUGY3TDFyRTFLdzFzM0hEejdnMkJvWFExME9ERGx6bU1RdnNqU3BDNjBiMmdaSVdFblFLZXNzbVlQQnFfcWJIbFJUT3dWQjhrVXB1SndFUFNiNG5iVHFoaC04YjhNSmc3VkFPUEp6ZGVrZi1HWGtWbk45TWlLVEtOaU53OUJaLW9JclRlMmlIS2_SAbwBQVVfeXFMUEpUQXp6XzZjRVpGMEVBMmNVbE9GTk91Y04xeDNqYnh3SDVrZVBlZ3ItRlhiYV9Rb21HTHhsRlpBR2Z6cXExUHlVRllpMTNfYjJENUkxMkNCRFVPSGt2dVFwVFo3MG1tQ3lqcFVyMUNTT1B1eGJ3WmVDTWVSNkVDd3hsMzR1VzR5M1pSVXhLbndwekxKdzYwXzdUUUltVk5iUDROcmhOM2owTnhjZ2ZmMk5QbGIxN2pNTEdfYXo?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Scientists flock to DeepSeek: how they’re using the blockbuster AI model - Nature.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiX0FVX3lxTFBRblNXaHVPcFZiNkk0MDJ6aWpFYkRpR216TWhsTjRkRXBRdkI1STJmMUR1aGQtY19yR0FQUm5sekhzcUlGYm04TzhySlJrS2tmZU44RWZXd2NUOEZDZkZr?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Just “Opened” The Path To AI ROI - Forrester
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTFB2TExDdHRIaE1qN1M5amVpV2g0VEpoOVRhZWo1NFpEVUxfdVdaRlM2ZmkyRlhkUHdVdll4cGNEY1hQUEJNM01VMG9sVDJFRmxmNER1cHdOTVNqWFlQbEg0dDlBX0NBYlBSbll6aTVKZWF3c2NBUXB3RWJka18?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s Rise: How a Chinese Start-Up Went From Stock Trader to A.I. Star - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTE9INmpHMFdZaDBKYmRaUkQ4ZXhTYXJmZUpYUmtJZTA5RFZ3Z1BOZGk1dGpqOXlJanJmM0tDX3lIa3BWQ0d4NndweFdCY3RKUm5zVmFlQ1RQY1gwdk84eDExa3dxTzhfejlBb3Z0SDBKY2U4a1RLdW5tbXRhcHM?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Deploy DeepSeek-R1 distilled Llama models with Amazon Bedrock Custom Model Import | Amazon Web Services - AWS Blog
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixwFBVV95cUxOcGdnVXQ3cjZGY29tQzFMNnhBdTZoRzFBd3Y1Y3RaUDdoSVZmSWdkQVVKbUJLWHNrTUdoYlJzcnFEV2JpSW9fRzNJNThic3I5TDlmc3BXZmlfTmtCd01OUEtTeWFmQmQtSzBHbUlldWhZZGZ4S09RQ1NHZG1LVnBaRE1ESmdXT3NKa205bnRsVy1rQmlLaEYwTGFnZk5XM2NIVXpoODh3TFFPU1Fia1YwT3p2UFRyMlpCSFFJMGlCUzgzLWI3OHpJ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek sparks AI stock selloff; Nvidia posts record market-cap loss - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijwFBVV95cUxNZEJpWmFPYUFwV3cxMHpMZTlqNFlLR1NWU1czeTdrUFlrNUdhMVUzOTNDcEJGbGxndDVpQ0xpc3pJN0R5blN3Um5CSF9Wa3lFTHduUUpfNnE1UlNzVUNNMTE5LVdyYjFORWRMZ3JUUnBzNkFhUVBXTWowVzIxOHB2UGlRMExsZk16RTNqalRvUQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek blocked on Apple and Google app stores in Italy - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiowFBVV95cUxOay1TYzl1TkdNWFV3MFdUMTF6YTYwaGNQcDM1cXVPSmUxTV9oZUhSOFQ3R09zTm9FYkExV2poWkhDamRiUFhnZ3kyZ0JSZkdLbDc5M253MGRiRGdwbzRxcU5Belo0TEpnQTZNUFluWi1pQi1mR010QjRJUHA5SGdUbnNxZ3RpS1lHMGxsTmZfQnpVNWVQRzVsUEo5ZVJuUUNzUm9Z?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why DeepSeek could mark a turning point for Silicon Valley on AI - CNN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifkFVX3lxTFBHcjlXU0VqLUUwMmV0OHU3cXFoNm90UlphdHJDTUZHdXV6emVlU212UkFsY0ZYMTJEU1c1dFFFUnFCSW9aYXF5V0d1VGhpOW1DVmNLVGRYMmM1dWptNlMyakxyQmxvX1J0c3RjSkRNSnEyT0Nja3FNZjNNMUYwUdIBdEFVX3lxTE5jR2JoOE54STZldHFCcDhBZldRa1BHNkllcW9vc09sUXRCZlNyWXlKNGVqRGRrc0cxMUYzdEI2R0xnRklQYUNoWVEwRG9VTUlUbENvYmZSTUphZHNqNkJ4WnQxWkMweEJRMldqMUt3WGo0S1B2?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

‘Game changer’? What ‘DeepSeek’ AI means for electricity. - E&E News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijAFBVV95cUxOYzNuR0QxMk9FVEVOTkJyS1c3b281cTVoejQ2Y1Jzb2dlZUNuOHBrTFlaRjgybENDZHF4TDlyX0ZYZFZaNWRBdmVwLUhYQTlod3NhRng5eElyT1VqQzRUTHV2MF9ld3JRQVhLMUwxOGxMZkhLNDYwZzVNclY4aWRxY3ozdDRLU0NlT3VfeQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why DeepSeek Doesn’t Matter. The new AI model is a hack, not an… | by Thomas Smith | The Generator | Jan, 2025 - Medium
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTE5aU3NSQU82MmlYV1V6Wlh3WVoyZktWZHoyT3htdk8xcVAtN2tXeWZjZU9QS3E4RUVPVHdQNVpNTVY5M2V6MGNGellFUmV2eFIxeXM5dE1iMGJTRHIwZGFrV0o4TzVmTWVSeVNzRTJmLTNiQzV0bFpTR0FFUVY?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Rise of DeepSeek: Experts weigh in on the disruptive impact of new Chinese open-source AI model - Rice News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirwFBVV95cUxNS2hEX1JHeFNnZl9EOUdyalNpRklkWl9udEZId2dRbVFrSzFxU3B1TzZRSGJmaU05bTdqWnJfVkpxQ1ZUTzc1Y2N1Uno5VFAwRWtFaHd1NGhGMXVMWll4X1VHRmhiZWZCY2tyUnF2NENQaDJMM3ZueFZ0OU9RQ1pNcGhkazhqaTFLX092eWc1RkdBOG9RNE5jNmRsMXZsUFpoSEtUTDlBZG9xdTBkWW5j?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

U.S. Navy bans use of DeepSeek due to 'security and ethical concerns' - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxPTHVFV2RGdWNvNGNncFhTQkZiaXlOa1lVSU04MWtic1pLcmlLNEJxZDdmOXlRWlprVDVneUFPcXpVMmFhNmJTemh1Q3kxazBiTHE5aWpvZjdteWJRdURLRlJUVEE5emJfYS1Qa0RrVU5sZVR1VXJfbWJUOV9lYk5pdzNXR0FxWDhtX0xDOWN2REZIUVo0RVNIejZCeXpBM3M50gGmAUFVX3lxTE5zem5NbzAzRDA2MFBsNENtcmdCUXFCd3laYkN1VS00dng3NDZEYzZxdUlPbUJ1Z1pNeHJhaEVSMURJcDVtcEJGTUV1WjhJbnZJQWlNOElFNlBxX1JNRVpaYVFISi1WOUZsaVlvSS1HNnJXZ0NnT21CaE5qTWs0VVRtZUJrV3pjUThQS2JYa2JFM3pNcDRMMHFzUTlVMElTcGVfNk1vNnc?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Irish data regulator requests information from DeepSeek on data processing - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiswFBVV95cUxNMDhzczdHNl9nR1R6MnN4TUJ0UWNIa2FXTnd2TGFrYi0zcnB2SE9VQUxhbzJvdDJiU1U3ckZ5WVZLaWMtUEFOZ0lmTnV2M2RKRmxnYnJJeVpUWnhKaUp1R1lCcU5fX3NJa1QwdW53NTFtdlJNRHhqSzdYX0FfVWVXM2ZNRk9mM3IxU2NoX0Rpa19IT1RpTEFRbHZZM2pOWTFDRFpEM2tIVnhEVFRuTnMyT2pqTQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What DeepSeek’s breakthrough says (and doesn’t say) about the ‘AI race’ with China - Atlantic Council
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiywFBVV95cUxQQUt0WVh5SlJEcFRQVjZWdWVzcG5YQWtFU3BRWG91a0lPOTJUX2RyYWFzNTd1Umc5N3pYb3ZNXzl2T3l1UEJxcl96TG5fM3p5MVZxNzd6MmVFN2s1VzgyMkVMM19jdWE1bGhudHVEZ1kydXc2NU00YjVvUGE4UHl1bDA2SWx2Q2lMTkhrNnkwbzNCbmlUdmZhWGR6YmxGQWJpTm5VVlo1MG44WUdpVmJUNGQxTjVHTjczSHo2SmtwWk10TnFsbUJCdG9UVQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Unleashes Smaller-Footprint Models That Can Transform AIOps From Cloud To Edge - Forrester
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivAFBVV95cUxPcGwwdW1sSGd4c20wVXYwY09XRHZURmdpLUpEYV93MFpEOHpDeXdVZThJVmFtT0FUeVl1eW9yNWN1bmEycDc1aHdoVjdMOVo4NzFiR3dpakN4UF8ycFQxT1ZZQTBsSWtlR3lCRHVZQzgtVEtwVjcwOG0yc3ZRd3NvYWZnekhPUm03c1g4YkVIbnZMb1hHcXVLQ0Nmbk9WNzJ6UDI4V3d0bVNJaFdHOGp5bUxxVTJHVHZqaXlwZg?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

I tried out DeepSeek, but I’m sticking with Gemini for now - Android Authority
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibEFVX3lxTFAyMnhTZ0R1b0FKNk1QOVpJTlRhMEttU1JjajAxc2FjZU9rZWFPd3JlTzg2WGRGcXdQUnpreTRBUlBxWWxjODNHRDRtdWtKMGI5V3dOZlY3MklEcVRrLUdBV3pqZEpuZGNyZWFyRA?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek's global success received by Chinese with pride and glee - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiywFBVV95cUxOcU1zLUZoLUZ6MTNLTTJWbXU1SVRzbzJGc2pqSmE2SU9CTktxZHpYQmVmWGowSVpVcFo2QUxCSmF6czU5V2pMTWVpX2Jienk3MWk3N056T1N2Y1Jrb0s2R2VtdUdfdGR0SVdMWEktRlFOeXB0bF9ucVQtRWlKVG5HOTBjV2lwZDdQMzJhS0RjSndWUnVCWmc5XzNkaTZlWkoyWmpXWlBzWm9UUHBYNVR1UFl0V0toSTBHbmM0QzhNcG5WLUsyc25XaDA3UQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek is bad for Silicon Valley. But it might be great for you. - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiAFBVV95cUxNdVZKQk9OX3pRelhfVXdmaEZuNGpzY0NzTVVadm80MDl2ZWFEcl9Za3haRTV6dkJZcWpkV3ZwZDhUZWoyU3Q1bV9XT2hiRE5XRExBaHU4WVctWG15MmlnVkdWdGhtYk1MOTFfUmZRN2dqbURLZWJpZGp0XzFjenFfaXZLeGFRWU5X?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What AI experts are saying about DeepSeek R1 - Mashable
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMieEFVX3lxTE40Q0oxemx5YUtieGZjMlJCaGh2NTVCZy1qV2xJRlJVaTlNUlV4UldUcE93R1pKTkpUVUNWTlVsSm1uNEhRWGEtOW90THJ1MHM2ZEZMQ0ZKRFpTZlh2MFNIaDVseUJ4OVBQYlIyb1pBV0RPMVo5aG5YbA?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

The Biggest Winner In The DeepSeek Disruption Story Is Open Source AI - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMizAFBVV95cUxQVWlBai1aSUVQRGlpX1JCN2w3Mkw0dGlVV05qQ3lfaUVaUkhDVWxMTHY3QXlobmlJMmNrQXhSWC1wMjY4cXlsa0VsNGV5cG9sOVFGVkV2ZW8zTW02NXFwMDRYRXR4NDdHUHd3aVNsOUpGbnZLVGl4VkZTRkNTbjlwb2J3T1BzU055QlkweUtaMDFEc05TOUQ0M09saUM4T2xyVGpoNmtaUXpkUm00SGZ5cjl3clhheV9IZXNEREFGUVd6cEdiQU05a1ZQNE0?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Cyberattack Exposes AI Platform Risks: 9 Tips To Stay Safe - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivwFBVV95cUxPMzhDbldiVUl2N0hHNk5CWmhtcy1ieVFrdE84bE51Y3o3bDNBOU5UQ2pBczB3V2p3SXBKR1Jfc3g5V2dIeEJQblhRb3ZKTzljVnY4WjhMNHFzdmdZblp3aHNVLWhfYjEyOV9rcVpTUVZwWnRCeTkzdkFVUUl1aWZ2Vml6MExBeU1YRlVtSGxmNXRDcUtnQllDSlhicXh6NTA5YS1nZVRFWkZKVzEzWVo1eWRwTzNhcUxheDFSVVRzMA?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Top-Rated Chinese AI App DeepSeek Limits Registrations Amid Cyberattacks - The Hacker News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTE55TUF3aWw0X2l5WUZTLUVYYWZoOEViXy1uVjVTTFEzMUs2SGlyV1FSTDVRLThZR0UtWkVEZUhrMkFCdkxPUUVlR1lSd1FWTHVhRFl4cU13TVFZdExJMWUwRVRwYU9pMUpabWM0RW9WdnNyTFROOEgtbkc3Ui0?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI Energy Breakthrough Still Faces a Problem - City Journal
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidkFVX3lxTE9LWGZZR3BRdEFsWk8zRVF1MEhGeEJXZ21pWWlVWldvNG9NenhjNmYtaWxGdU5IZzlac2RBWHhhclNKSnNaT1I0OF9Jc2JJSTNFVmJ3U1RnQXNDZWcwVHJjaFphME5JeTZ6NlhMTDgyLXlvUVhKU2c?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek just blew up the AI industry’s narrative that it needs more money and power - CNN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihAFBVV95cUxPMXZHOGRsUFViUTI1OGtfMnVuc2haNGJrZ2JrcW51QlB6cjloVGdxQ0FaMDhSYWVXRFhxRXllTVFYa2w3dlRaOUNNcVNVMjZFQWJmTENIYk1fRDgwUmoyZk91N19CSno3aWFFUUFlcjlCXzZOQ25GZFkzNHI4a2QwWndmR3HSAXtBVV95cUxQekEyZklyVjJXV2RvUXJOWkFvZnNxRGJROVR5SlhRM25SOWctRDBGcXdUakFUZmpKZ3o0c2pnTzRkN0lGRVE0ZXlqYnR0d3E1UW55S2JrR29nWVFhYkh0N01CWnJtMmllY1lkZFRna2pCRnotSUhtTGFNcUU?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why DeepSeek is excellent news for the U.S. stock market - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiZ0FVX3lxTE5vZ0d0Yk5Xbnd3N0o4RE81VHBZSVY3cHRHSzBNU0FPR19xUkE1bG02TGdJZU5udldYeEd5UGRQYW1WTFVLSmxTZFo5eEdfQ0pGUVNjRE1hZ1hjeW8tdFRQOG5pSHlsSkE?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Alibaba releases AI model it says surpasses DeepSeek - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixwFBVV95cUxQWjlCUzNIOURFNWtpVDNLenVvRkRrU0pfUHlkY1NsTEp2WmJOSFlJRWJ1QjAyMXg2ckQtS1RGTVVZNV9pa01xdUVwVDR2azdaVWtVVko3TEZHMUdaRmdKYjlsMGdqNGhTY3FKa2RZbkdIdXhUcVZWODdYWXJkYmxpTjFTSV94MGRRUWhjU2JfRi1RQUVaU1BOelBHR2tLaWh4UmZCOHgzVUFMOVFMN0Zhd3RkSkNUd0ZTWXV6QkpYTWdYX0VwTlFF?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

ChatGPT vs DeepSeek: which AI can build me a better gaming PC? - PC Gamer
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimgFBVV95cUxQYTFobmNwZUJhWnZSTFlkblNmbGlZV2ZNRTFEd2RmWjlZZ1pIelpLY2Jza1ZWdVFHY18yZFdGWkVkMUNnSTJvdHJkYjlTYlZibEhPdW5MZWlWb0xYT2VUcE9NVEZ1MVJzeWJtREs3d0tzMUt3UGRFWThrcFZvemV1UVg0MzJPdUFMVkhvUjAtOUlPQm1KV3JGZUVn?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China Brief: DeepSeek Doesn't Signal an AI Space Race - Foreign Policy
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTE9Sby1VWXhaQk40WEtaanB6SEVfUThNSWNReVBwd2ZJRnBEbGc4ZE1mTzlQRmtCS1NuemFlMXJTWGJHNl9fakNlX2xwZzg4em5mVXhOaXBZMGRWUDYtNGlmdjh6N3JXNUxTbUVMQmxXdVctc3J3dVRaY0RmdVA?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Truth struggles against propaganda and censorship on China’s DeepSeek AI - VOA Asia
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Generator, advanced nuclear stocks reel as low-cost DeepSeek chills AI load growth outlook - Utility Dive
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxPcTV5YmhwdkUyLU1DZmNKRnQzaU1wNVNFeHBRQnh4S2MwZ0h6Y291Y2VkRUdFaFREbndjWWxHT1d4ZzRJSENHRlhpSElPS291aVBrblFyWVFOaVVYSFRmWUMtczIteE04eDByM2YzazFueUtfN2ZuM2tQX2puZ3dqSm5LdUhOc29nU2FrM3h1OVE0R1hqeWtZcTk3Q3hOSlYxS2x6OUYzcE5mZw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chips, China, and a Lot of Money: The Factors Driving the DeepSeek AI Turmoil - Carnegie Endowment for International Peace
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijgFBVV95cUxQM0NlMThVRVVUSVJJWlM3cjRKMzUyTHpNUFhtR004OUgxQ1Z3Y1plYl9sMHpyeTRqRTZLdlFTR3RrM2o2c3Z0cjhZN0trclpyWTNXVDlrcURFcnJ6cTU4MFk0cVoyai1EZkxuRVVZc1ItTGtnN3VpYlZEakxLaXFEWGJHWWp0Nms2WHlqYmNn?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek: The Chinese AI Startup Reshaping The U.S. Tech Industry - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitAFBVV95cUxPcGxLM1RleTY2RFp0NGtsN2k5Z0hHNkpZcWVCdjZPTDYzZk0xdi16UWFoWFF3OHdRODQ4eFpCcU55dVpMQ2lKcVg3S0VXMXVfRVZRS1RrSHh4MV9hb1R0MEstRHdzcHdiZmlFaHRTWG9XY1dqV3FSbm9qOC12cEQtVk9DY09kMkk5dFZ4OXJGR0g4dUxuVmJEQVVvZ2UxXy1id1BwRENCU2llTjdIQlhwYklNYUk?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

OpenAI Says DeepSeek May Have Improperly Harvested Its Data - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihgFBVV95cUxQMFhZTDdlZU5QVURvSDlhUW5QSnpleEdEbmYtOHRGSjJVd0RzYThRaThuQzZNS21MZGZxa1c0bmh6ZXpmOHlLZ3lPd2RUZ1N0aTZHQ0Vpa21HM3JVdmRObEU0WG5mMF9IaHZfNFgxb2tITW9OUkNhTUtBVkNacWhKRHNjTXZQUQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s Hidden Warning For AI Safety - TIME
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibEFVX3lxTE1laFlnN3llWDhSdk5HTy1GOGlpMzB0RldtUHZueTBfNURIUFFOS0FlWm1sVU54WTJzckZKN0JabW05b2tyVi1RZC1xTnphalZYVi1rQmo4MDFYWkxZRzg4dGh5amZiaDJkNy1pcw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek leaves US AI firms racing to understand its success - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiwAFBVV95cUxNdHozeld5Vm45R2JGZWhQUmxUSDR6cGlRbjk4aHpRSFluekRUaTE3N19JOEN5a2J6eGdLUkV5cnpobG1WMjhIOGdZV2dxZVJPdDl6a3piVm1Ga0F2eEVqLUtIWHZZLXpWdjVxckdKOUxrcjNENzFaVmwwQ2FVWUxjaV9ycTRpSHVDVmV0elNlX29ManVJVkRHUzF1TXc3cmE3ZERtelloa2s5blBnQmg1WWVDYi1heHVHN2kwR0MwRGg?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What is DeepSeek, the Chinese AI app challenging OpenAI and Silicon Valley? - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimgFBVV95cUxNTnNwVzJacXJRdEdDT09RdnFOTFJxR0U4d0c4SGZkc0JPTUtCTDB3TG8zTjUydDMwNXBhVXI3RVR1cHVwSXFSVnFkdFlBNDg5VXd5S0dmVUVQblhNVmhVd3lyY2ZBNXI1NGRxTVQ5akxRZFhnNU51TXRIQmV2VDdFTXNQOGd5ZGNaN21vSjJ0V19PQjdxdU80ZXVR?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Microsoft rolls out DeepSeek's AI model on Azure - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitgFBVV95cUxQRURxOExxUDRvSjhpNmt3SVFERXo2SmtFX1EzTi1HOXJma3ZNZURibW1kbndkMWpGUWl2NmJhR2dvczR6X3R4QnAtS2NEb091cWdSbmlEZ0ltV2JWTmotQmc0a18tNzdmbjdtQ3dUa2ZydUNyb3B6dmo3Q09GdmJZRHZ6VVROM1pSSm1nZ1VMQzRCd2hxNWtvYS1fRGFuMXN0NXdLSFVod25NWnNnQzlCZC1FQS00QQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why DeepSeek Could Change What Silicon Valley Believes About A.I. - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxNbm45aTBGWk1PaXlGYmxoT1FpYnViWXdzVEhGUUZHeWlUNzZSVUlZNG15RFUtYVFCQXhzT2hkTUM4Vmd6NEdCdU1HMGk2cDB5T1AxVWtjNkdlYnc5clVpZEZhVjFoSndPU3ZOWkxQWjVfOFZhUDhwd3Nya2MtTnZCVlczTURsdFpDeENj?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Unlocks Golden Opportunity For IT Infrastructure Providers - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivwFBVV95cUxNaWtzdXh5b1JXdHJyOXdDZnMxeXdDazY5VktnbFBQYnZSMHh1amNNamtyLUU0OXl6ZFQzVjlJV0VLd1lYam5ONGw2YXRyZXZOTkIwSEY5WFB0eFZOZWhCb0dFcUw2Mnc0OERBVXpZUkZURUlpQm1uck9IVU1wV1dTdzQ5TVhlM05YWS1zVFZ6MXowQnc5TjBOaFFWNU5QY3BrNXdTaERoYXN1bzlOLUlsa2FzQmRiVXdtMXdZc21hWQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How DeepSeek changed the future of AI—and what that means for national security - Defense One
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitwFBVV95cUxQNERUem1RdlpvWkh5Y19UU0tzdUJOVGtpYnFmTnpQTGRkZkE5RHhDZ293WWV6bW9wcXFSWW40cGRrTUhfLU9DcWtHYmZxMmZTVDd0ZHFnVVZLLXpTRllIT3U3MU9QaFBWWE5Rbi1lOWJlUjR2aWRtUWtHOV9fTGpHT2FLbV93ZFV6S2steDJQT0RJQW9QNUdXcXh3aWlyOTZWNGVkakVfdVhDeGs0VnFQU2dQZEZ5bGs?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What DeepSeek knows about you — and why it matters - Mashable
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTE83ZHpXWVE3NVRoa1NrbXZkNm9IOUtLVDZLNGdOZWc3QVBDSkFkaEVsQy12UGkySGVjY05pY1YzX0dNUndoZ29qcktKSmp5bkVnRHFsZlVsR3NQRkNEQi04MzEzTWtNRFNlQ19OaldmaS1PU2doRk9NVGJpQ0U?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek has rattled the AI industry. Here’s a quick look at other Chinese AI models - The Associated Press
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilAFBVV95cUxPcDJmRVhsWU02VnRWU2p0bGNOR2Z0VVNzZUhZdDZHYkpHSlNuanlaa2VLVWZxTjVqZjhGc1NfTUY3Y2Zwa1RDZDd5NDYtc2xnMk85Z0JrX3NlaU5Eay0xcXc3bWVYOV9kME5lQUY5cHdGM3JWMlNJNG5sT0wwUWpXeElIVnFVd3ppS1RvSDIyeU03UmFu?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How a Free Software Strategy Catapulted DeepSeek to AI Stardom - The Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxQV0J6MUZmeWpCSzJUeUpiOW5GdG5KWW45ZDRURW1BZ1BLN0ZNNkRwWUpFQ3lUZmd3Ti02VTRGTG5GcHZMU0ZjZEpZMW5zbmxrTDZ3V041OERoSGZva3NjcHJ5SXRkQ2k0Z0JpbkNYSU5QOTFkb2ZHWFpaRnFxcVJaekU4M3l6dW9yVFQ5Nl9pWmd3dUNlbHpndnFkUGliYWpzRXc?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek's chatbot achieves 17% accuracy, trails Western rivals in NewsGuard audit - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiwgFBVV95cUxOdnB0bWJpVmhKWFhTYk15Z0hmejZDNl9MUUtXaE5WejFZbUJDSTdrSklPU1E0RmRIZUZaMDMwVlYtbmk2bWRLUmxtZ0FlbFdGUnhXRy0yQXhJXy1kSC1KR05wNlJTZ1JHenVjSjJ3UkIwNUVVRFFGMWJ2Q1owUkxVdHRyR3h1VjliQnA1QkYyWVpSOWhjaUxwdjhpcjMwQjVRY0VlbU1TSE8tMzk3WHc2dEloVGlVX0RLVll2VURwc0J4QQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

US tech shares recover some losses from steep DeepSeek selloff - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipAFBVV95cUxPM1NUaC01MlQ3YldEQWxFZ2k0MGt4MjJKZDlKeUdOcXYxa2FiRnZ0MFRmUWFVOE9YTGNLRElfbW1lbUl4ODdyNkVDQS1vTllEcHFobEIyUHpPNzNkM3l6LVpRWHNjdTRWWmEycnNGLThxdTJldms1dm8td01IbVNNVWU4SWxXODJMOG1TOUh1RUdpdjd3a1N3LWhNS0VmS0tTaTJ6TQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Upstart Chinese AI company DeepSeek's founder started out as a low-key hedge fund entrepreneur - The Associated Press
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxQNFVoTExmUGFlV01vc3RNM29Fa3hnQjQ3Z3hDYmladExnR0FmamZ3b0poWFpOYWhaOTdJWTRHWjFjNktnZDFBUG5OM2FhcGFnYnZZNHZBTjNsRGFWbk9wLTdmcGU0M1o3MmptS3hFa09ZWHNkRm93MjZrcHdUbzJ0WEpkMFZpaF8xMHNhaEpaT2t6WnlGU3NSMXYtQ3FvRXVU?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

White House evaluates effect of China AI app DeepSeek on national security - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi4wFBVV95cUxNTWVicjJhaTBWLVc5ZnMzS3c3VzNSU1FlSlVldUl4bmgydmFnNU5tdEpUWUQtRFFPWi1Wc2o5MkxaSnk5cjJWeWl4ak1CTEplUkN5VWQwWXdrb0pDTnhWcEo0SEVEMW9rQVFfZ2dhY3VFQkQ3SDFIRFNnY1FBVkRmWk5Gdi1IR25XZ055THpPT2dLM1BxS0xwT3Vob3VWMGdkZVM1TG9TMWNKbVNWYXFtZzl4TzBfa0huRTVlRUh3OVRVS2xuYzR4ZlNMNV9sOFhnYm05dU56SXpXSDdkODFiUnJ2dw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why everyone is freaking out about DeepSeek - The Verge
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiowFBVV95cUxOdGh3bFhCWERZZmZ4N3cyS21CRFgxN2F5aWp6bTRENzQtTzNERVkxTnFVREJDcVEzOThvalh3ajV1T2g0Rkh1YXJVVWl6RnF2S3FBN3hGRHIzY1dtNUxvREpORFBWZmpRblAyazRZWkQ0bEZTaEkyUVBoZ1B0UnBkZUFFMGNNc0NFZnRkRVh1eUFoZlpkN1lTVFNaZk1CVXpOXzk0?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s low-cost AI chatbot is a win for the whole industry, Northeastern expert says - Northeastern University
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiekFVX3lxTFBXZWVWUnZDU3hBMmxyaXp1OGl2MWFlNHd0d1hiMU8tTVRfbUpsUUcydGJPbVl0ZWZTU0Z6TUdFRC1OMVM2MjAxNERjNUxXRXJWajRMbE5DVERlRjJfaDF6YWdSZzVMNFM2MU03SWtXWWh1Z3BKanpRZV9R?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s New AI Model Sparks Shock, Awe, and Questions From US Competitors - WIRED
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTE5MYkhBeGkxUVdzTDltc3ZzM0ZuUnVLY3FSWTB2ZVh3RkVQV2JFTjdfRFdXR3VKQVNwdTNDOG9XaGg0dHdhRDQ4M1E0dEF6dHcyRUY4NFFkakpSOWRlOE5aRXpIaXduYzdBYXlBQ0IyWGFkN3RPTUtSekZ1RHQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek's new AI chatbot and ChatGPT answer sensitive questions about China differently - The Associated Press
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiygFBVV95cUxQNGNPTF9nb2x4X0twRDlqcGZBVU1oLVphQU5HUkhMbWdUUGo2aHNQajM2LW0zYzRQZWkyenlzMTR5QURoUmcxTnVYNUNWUklYWm5oX3JhMEJUVERXcXlZc1lrUUdDZnd0WDJ3T2hPREtJODFWd3UyVkp3dGh2YWpKMWN6MUFJdXJ3dUxsbllLVG9NMXItNG9rZTYzN0gyRU9JSjF5d1M2Y1N6NTNUU2ltUXVJWm12S1lmbVl4QktRdFpRa0lTbWlEMEhB?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Is Reshaping China’s AI Landscape - Foreign Policy
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiekFVX3lxTFBXZExQYWtkRUtZSURCTzlkRGhYbVNmTnd6VmhWVzk0Rkd6cDBfNy0wUFdSUDA1OVdIM0U2VjhBdFNNRnVfRGZMdnZRYmVNVEpHMlZDVVVQWVM3eVBCRHhUdlk0d0V5TWZTSGhURDFkM1RnUHhOYVFlWHVn?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek shows the limits of US export controls on AI chips - Brookings Institution
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimwFBVV95cUxQQ1Fsd1JLXzV4UlJ1X2ZKeWh0TlFpUnVHaEUxdlFKeGNrRXNENmhNWHUtMUdJNlNZNVJiWkRiS0gzREFYN2dqcDNVZldSMy1aZEVzZjJBMnVNVmNWVUNhdUItSlFxYUd3bE1JR1N6dHN3NjFIdjJBdEFPamVMd0swWjlhdVRoNnpEcGhoS2J4dlc0aFBJVHdqTnhpNA?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

High-Flyer, the AI quant fund behind China's DeepSeek - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiugFBVV95cUxOdF9kX3JjZVZZVHRwZ3NjY0VkMExDNmpsTXhlRHM4UFg3WkxyWGNWeFhnRTI5Y0p5RmtkUHZHQ1VHY3VQUV9VYXB6TktSb3dsb0I3Vkk5aVdnOThWc1BtRHh3cEliT1ktSzJTd0puTE5RX2RSNzQ3OWk3eHkzMlJlTHg5b3RObXo0S1hmVExxQ2Qta2lSVllpa2dUM0NKTXZhbG9rMUk3SGMyVnFyaHIyc0phN1dockl4eGc?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1 Upsets AI Market With Low Prices - Statista
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Future of DeepSeek, Like TikTok, May Come Down to Trump’s Whims - TIME
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiVkFVX3lxTE9OQmZwUzVoVlg2RVBvU29lUFhDeHJIbU5pUEFKbXFfTGM4NkxSVzNUUnFqS0pDc2ptVkdhUWdKdzBPeTh1QUZJQ3VjYlBaMmRReWR5UDFn?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Who Is Liang Wenfeng, the Founder of the A.I. Start-Up DeepSeek? - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigwFBVV95cUxQblpVYVFjSmdMTGU0WHVVZWVDa0U1SC1LSGVoc3Boei1ONjR5SEpib1dEdzFsYXlwWmF3MmxNYXJtWldENzZ3cEZzOHJsN1dCTlVIcWs4V0VIbUgyaWxBQVhTeW9MMUZDWG9VaWFHdHNPRWxIRzVMZV9HS0FTbWgwY0JhWQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What DeepSeek Says about the Church in China - ChristianityToday.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikgFBVV95cUxNMW1DcVVocFVlTUswUl95Skk4RUJ4MHc1cGY3WXdnUVd2LWZFeWZBMEZTM241VEVQZUlLNkVMLVR2cDlJYUZuS1VHV1ZUazZHUUgzZFZhR0ZGZWF3ZFYzajhRQ1J2bTFvZVQwLWxPeTBjeVZROTJ0VElZUklqdzZPVUFDdkxsVXM0UnRrOVV6RGVWQQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Who Is Behind DeepSeek? Here’s What To Know About Founder Liang Wenfeng. - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivgFBVV95cUxNSlFwMC1jeTM4d3B3dkNGX0xqaW0xYURacHBLaldRdFF1NGdYbTRRTmZMZ3VoVGQxb0Q3U1Y2RnBsOG5KUWszV1pCMmFteUlkWlV5THJJeEdiN0JLeDNiR2dvYm5GRFpDNTdBV3dZU0tWWWFNbmNmMnB3azZBR09MaEdyRm16cHkwLUZuTU1seHpPR3J3b0FZSVo4N1pUNFFhUTJENEFqRDZUMkZ1YWF6X2d1OHhyY0VRZVlLczZ3?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Hype Vs. Nvidia And Apple: Will Calmer Minds Prevail? - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisAFBVV95cUxQeDFTQ1MzUGdlSEl0Q3lxbzY5RnhHWENvd2hEVlJwcHJ5ZEowWlRUcTRsU1JvQllQVnJ5d2JqcC01MzNlc2hnTGxFckNuNDYyaldhWEowNVpBczJIY2xramJSVmY1RGxZS05qbkVzZUFfTmVWMVpaLWxlQTRQRjJUcnpZTG5BWFFZckFKT2tUZXYyRlBDRWpuaE1kb2RSeGhsM3RsWUtpYWtTbGNWdS16ZA?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why blocking China's DeepSeek from using US AI may be difficult - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixwFBVV95cUxQMVJ6T0lkcUtJei0tSGtNZ2JrZW5kMkdkdDFRWWhzdFotZnE4OG8xTndjUjZrcVVRZC1Eamk0ZmgycTBUbmFWVmdNajNmRE9lY194NkZqMUdETloyemlyNEYyWU5LS1liQ2h6bW1hM0VvejFYSnktRHUzWE1Kdi1qSUpETWMtcTlVc3FHM0MzeHJRZi1xMnFPV2xEV2VPNlpXR2xuN0NCOXd0V0VRaXlaWDBNelR1N3U3Tkx1dXFZVVEzMmtQQ2tV?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Australia urges citizens to be cautious about using China AI model DeepSeek - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuwFBVV95cUxQRm9GLXJQZzRiX3FCOHBpRmw0RlVZZVpHS3A3WmRVUU1FbDJ4Z3hreTJNTEEzSjcyT2JHTzBWRTd3aFoxcmFCTlZaQjBXZmhiMHlNWXRxM3N2UU9ZQVE3Mnl2RTVfdFVsRWRUeTU0Z3ZGeVh1ZTlxb1ZzR2UwSVJuR0RaNW55SEIxOVU0Vmt4TEt1TXJkS3V6aEUtdkw2V1I0YVJmeFJkbjBGSzBCektvUXlSUGxrMktlaVlv?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 04:22:00 GMT

U.S. Businesses Already Love DeepSeek - The Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMif0FVX3lxTFBHY3lKWHMwWGdXZy1iaVBsdVh4UEpDRzZsaXd5Zk84T3o3QUhGN1dSaHV6bkE4SXZPVFBYVzNISzZranhIU0dZc09xZnNwQ3YtTWFLbFdxaWlWMTFvdnVRblBkcTZ5R0g4cWRzbkJSRWk0aWhiY1pFZWM5UjY5YlU?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

OpenAI says DeepSeek may have "inappropriately" used its models' output - Axios
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTE1UdXhSQW1YQzhiVERVUW41WHVlOEVXRnVPSmw1djl4TlRpUG02Q1NQV3FZdXRuSkszWjh6TnBlU2d2OHppbkhHdjZ6QVNreUlUcEJ5ZUZ1RHFPZnpzRFJETFF1Z2RMbmNVUl9lNHQ4dDR3M2lIMVJsUXR1MUk?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Did DeepSeek copy ChatGPT to make new AI chatbot? Trump adviser thinks so - The Associated Press
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinAFBVV95cUxOMEZ5M1hGMVNWTERxR2FHTXRmbE9wcTJoeUhRME9wRE1qaUs2Wm9pZ3BNaDBwV3Y0OVg3dVQtSVl1ZGt3ODluQUFKM3EwMlppV0NMeEFhd0tZRy1fY2FKNU84SjhOZHg3SHdxY3ZIaVlGUGl5ekQ4TVhnRTVDOTBURk8yZUFYYlh1REREVUtxWndYVGFhVnBreEJ0TXU?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chip stocks mixed with DeepSeek shock, earnings in focus - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipgFBVV95cUxPclQteVJIa3UtZTZOeGhFZndyZGRBTG5TNDNIZlptYUlBdVA3RE1yMl9pYTg3VlAyUEpHeXBXdlU5S2FsWkVBWkhvV0pYWlVocXh0dHdEcWxsX2RRc2QyR2pmdHJ2WnltMERzbUlXS3R2VVVuMmY3TXJTUjA3SENxUXcydk9wTUxXcExMRk9WV0UxODB2TGNmU0Z0bFBZWWVTdzBoZTZn?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How China's DeepSeek Redefined The Global AI Race - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiowFBVV95cUxNaFhrVFl3QVAyaDdHTEZEazZuazAyQm1ENjBOY3VrQkNqMUp6MDEtRGVSdjdQcVlMaEFYZ3FOTTdmbzVQVUxXaUYwWVZZQ2ZPMFhrbjdmTXJfSnc4OUV5RDlOMTZGUUIwMS03ZFE0QXdZbGFQQzJITm9sNTRJcHVERk1KTnlKMXFXYlFSLXRCbzI3N1owSzAwVVNRNmF5QUpkWnk4?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek helps speed up threat detection while raising national security concerns - VentureBeat
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitgFBVV95cUxPN2Fxc2hpM0lnb2JUTC1RTUdfMDdHVDZKeTZ5REZvNTZaanJ4Z0M5Zm00YTNYRXRfRVZFdmptcXA5STRkZExwWWpWTHVibWlJNVR3LWVSY0NfaHdhYjdtMDY4Tnpxd2RCanY0RjMzby1Yb0tkeW40TzZoVlBBa09ILXNOa3dqOHpPNFJlOFdMRlQ4dHp3OUxXTGwyQTFLd2hMV3dVTHN6eUNIYi1GbGxrSFRlSmRKQQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek: Welcome to US artificial intelligence’s Sputnik moment - ComputerWeekly.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirAFBVV95cUxOdkV3MTVHWHczRUF5VVdQcUhxRXN6REVOZ1dRdFIzYzRqdVN1YmJUaDdHdTNGaWRIRWVFbVpud2Exa1BuVlFvVkhCbEk2c3V3ZG1BanlNYVUxcGhfSXNqYXFDT1BGeExPZ0pFcW1XenVMQXdqNnZBTl93bGs3czB6TG5vbG4ydi13V0hfakhZRHN4UmUzT2JOY2JnM1M2WElGQ3ZuV3V6U1VqWUFz?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

The real meaning of the DeepSeek drama - The Economist
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxPMVVFeXdpbURrZ3pfdXlyTE1oa1BUUktLU29nMVdQZC1rMzVsU2hvd056b2N3dVlOenRQUnZoQXBmaXBxQlQ3aGlTSlVmeS1MWHNUS2FLelVhcDVRRjNFTVp3UE5nY2lHOXBKTmRkd3BKNjZaR3MzYmV4eTN4YUx4NThFV0phQTVOVTlj?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

The real DeepSeek revelation: The market doesn’t understand AI - Semafor
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipgFBVV95cUxOQUxQSy1mOTZGYnhzNkgxdWNWWmsyUFVaSHQ2THJIZ0hIcjlvMERxQVpLbVF6Y1RUWm04Zm4yemRVeE1VOUJNT2JPQzJlRFBJMWVEYTl3NGY2dVhuN1pDem4yaFh6OEZzX1hvcHd1OFpOblJJNWQ0OWQ0ZWRfNXRnalNsVXpveFdxUktZR0tpREc2dmRnTGZkMU1IUGE0Q1I5NWtYMVN3?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Scrambles the AI and Emissions Equation: Green Daily - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitAFBVV95cUxObnZWbVZyRklxMzlCN0JwMFdLR2pVMXhmSXJtU01ORUlTMFBtbXFvUkd0RmpnTlBFRmk2V3NQXzkzUGEtTGdYSGdOZ2tjWncwekpYcGJDT1NsRTNoRHpVNTg0X0lXV1ZmemVWd2dvWlAxcV9kUE5DSXhIcF8xYVhsR1YzSFNoREszZG0zQ2E1YTFOSUVETnhQYWZsTkVvNHBCbHlXUnMyX0tBUVZXOHpodHlUN3g?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Breakingviews - DeepSeek offers no new answers to China’s AI bind - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimwFBVV95cUxOS1N5NS01MWFycjBMbXBvaWNXUEFORnBHU1pDZ29laHY2b1BYVl9hMlNNdWxTWUFqNVlBYXB5MUpxTG1Fei1vai1zRlBZcFk4ekVJb0FMdW1mRTk4c0tMb3ZmcWFZVDBaNmFYRE54TVAwYVNwOTF2eW1jc0FVM3JMWGV5d1NiN3pRSGpSbElmSmk3UlJ2cFpOLWpIdw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why DeepSeek Is Sparking Debates Over National Security, Just Like TikTok - TIME
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidEFVX3lxTE1zZWxuOVQtbGY4Q2xQVTk4TXZBS3JqWGk0MHg1RS0xRlQxTWNmblJiQ1BHblNTVjZMNUtsMEtUeE9LUjF3TDNWSUdZNlR5dFZkTERSOWRpVDJtcEFjbUlmcE5fNnZiNGZsdlVXUG5DRTZmdzNI?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI raises national security concerns, U.S. officials say - CBS News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiAFBVV95cUxOdEVwdDNzVzZCX1dSVXVETHFvbElGbW1KeTVYNFN3Ym9PTDllUGk4VnRpRUVsZmV0eFlCNncycnZjbmFnRFFrTWozQ3g4Mm14dlFrOWxIcWJXREd3ZWlyQ182TjdESHJSNEhET3lUMUtIMnZtck9vSlF3aENWM2ZQREZONEY1TTJS0gGOAUFVX3lxTFBka2RpeVphbUhCNHNmeTVWSWRJcmh3aFA1Qk1lWUpaZElUWUxOSjNPMjFocHJuaENlbzFDbFhZTm5CbmpxNFc2aXVpcS10bnFLbjRWVzFReWVvcTZMOEN3ZnV2WHk4M2UwN0dhNUpuUzI4c2pzTEl4NGhIbUNHNmUza2hyU0t1WFczX3NLNHc?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Dario Amodei challenges DeepSeek’s $6 million AI narrative: What Anthropic thinks about China’s latest AI move - VentureBeat
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMizwFBVV95cUxPYWg4ZXprR2dHWDRwbXBQd1Z6NERrWUJ6VVlRenZBbm1MSjFXaHAzRlBCaWkyNkVnbEFJbGFOT0dhcHhtWkFJdFNPZWU3ajhOdEFvWDJDWHdvbUtXNjlFUmZobWl5VUNwMjF1ei1zLUg2Yy1WeHpldUlCRVdSSnM1dzZPSXpSclFVbG9zTUNaT2thalpjZFNXZTJvVUdVbTk5bi1pVU92Ukhkc01PQXhqQ0x6TjZNNTY3NjNKS21RdXA4LTdUMlplTERhV1JJOXM?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

White House "looking into" national security implications of DeepSeek's AI - Axios
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMid0FVX3lxTE9SS1N5WUFWRUVtUk5RajVxNnlZeHBTZ3JNRFVNNnZ1WVUwZDd2Z21qcUx5bEg0cG9tbzFuc2xVQ04tb2dwOTgtcjhmVHZSdnp2NUUtTjNMdENjRlVoRndEUUF2bTV4VUJ0aGRDcmFTU0syd0xNUUNV?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

ASML CEO makes case that DeepSeek is positive for chip demand - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipwFBVV95cUxPdWc1STNxSHliQlVOcUpPQ016XzVfLWw3Mno5bklnajBDczlnQzBGTDhpUlBvSVhWS3Z4ekFhS25hZi1yRzBpWFFsS2dHZEZfZFYwS0tLOWtwOGZiYmZqOGNrTW5mSjRoYk1DR1B2bzVVSUc3RHdKZEhoaG9qeGdNakJRamREVlRUbURUNUdLU003OXd3WjlTTGZGdVZaY05FR3AwT1E4VQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Exposed DeepSeek Database Revealed Chat Prompts and Internal Data - WIRED
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimgFBVV95cUxNaXB2WUFiWi1lVWdJSDhBbmd5VW41akFfR0t1UDlmbXphTkdQbWQ0TlJxVTZRRExpdkhSVWNwU3QzOEZOTjdYR2JtQ1d1U1Q4UzlRSHVuSEo5a0xnWVN6WmhONnRnWjkxN2hqOTZSOXhBeVc0ZE5MQkhSQ2hIUk5BQVEzZ3R1dkRmUkdXTF9LZU1OZXpNTkRLWjJn?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek live updates — OpenAI cries foul, Nvidia impact and latest news - Tom's Guide
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMic0FVX3lxTE00dFRTOEozYjI3Tm9XYjFCUldsSW43OW1BMjk5LUFqUmhhbEZqRm55R2UzXy0yMlUzWGtpQkFFQXA1OFJGMWZmU2RvcFpXc01CMHk1SnVQUGJpREpETlBSQm1kVUdISm5Xeno1bmNua2I4YWc?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why DeepSeek Is a Gift to the American People - The FP
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMib0FVX3lxTE83WWJPcC1OUTJlT0Y4RUJRLWN5Wm55THBnMF9KczJ4WUVwR3I0UmtmVkJYNWlma3BlRkhDdGlRYzdtN0s0bm1KRjdZalhGLU9iaThMTGVCQlVJWHZVLVpaSy1uMERJX2hVcENIMi1tcw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 28 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China's DeepSeek may erase America's lead in AI. And wreck your 401(k). | Opinion - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxQZWYxUThJeVloSG1FaTEtR1hqTlhlVzNMYVR1LVpZMDFoaVpscjVyLWUzRXl1aGVMc3VHMjlZMGpoZFl5dTFMWk9ZNlJ6OWJUTU9FSC1wbTZ3QjJuaGlQSTNqdHNyUkZjSzU5N3FtN0gyMFI4QWlZSXMyMndONWJQLVdfYUg1cFIxWlNkYVNDRmFsWlRuSmNLUTRQM2tCVTItUWREVmRqRUFYdw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Sensitive DeepSeek data exposed to web, cyber firm says - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiygFBVV95cUxNQlZIaDBoQ2haeU96VEJfSmNIeVFCMS1VZ3ZsMUtfN2JjU0IydnpTZjRrRGZ5LXRCYTNvUjYxQUJQWUxWYVdleTZ3V0JTWDJMejBNV3ZIOGxCUGx1UTdudWR1VVhBS0tXSFdlMC1WeFRPSE90LWtmZi03WkE0cXdXd2pCSjFoMVhCZlBMWHVJN1BMMXJFNlhPR0hOaWtvQVBVOERDUU44WTRaUW9XbkpNYVFvT3BzU3p1Y0VXT05YTlgzWE5MbVFvMDZB?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

OpenAI claims DeepSeek used its model to train cheaper alternative - DatacenterDynamics
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirwFBVV95cUxNRWFVUUdURTVOcHNoQ20yY2ZubnpHSjFwQnNRWk5rNi1qVDVWOHBWTV9HbkNpaklFeVJ6MEhwcEo2VU1WS1lVbFp5dHlHcThYUE9NNnVqNlM0UFpTa3daOHRkX1FrdVZHMXlqaEFsNTk1VTBDZkVLNVFmcVk5OW00WGJncFhvTE1QQmVDYm9vNlY3U0t5bHdubllURnI1a3ZlNENqUExvdUM0LXltSXJj?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek R1 is now available on Azure AI Foundry and GitHub - Microsoft
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxNd2YyWFdsV203bVBxQUs1cnB3VGdtazFHUG5IRk5oUFJSeUtFR2d0c1V2OWZFNVc4LXNsRHBqMFhhRFhFQTNSSk5hUm1qUVdlRDhkVDhwWGp5OE4zQ3lUU2Q3UW9NZmtvdTllQVlJWV9KZU1zdExJQ3c2bXl6bloySk9FLUFwM0c1WktlVDg1aDg3bGxDcG5qcEFHamtkVUhF?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Wiz Research Uncovers Exposed DeepSeek Database Leaking Sensitive Information, Including Chat History - Wiz
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiggFBVV95cUxPYjROX0x2VFBuYks4RDVZVEZNYnhwNVdEN3pRbkZqWDhnYXRwMjdVOHFOWmt6eU44YllkTTJuOTFlaHdtTjVPeXd5OXpEbjNzLTJVMlROMVpaU2ttY2p3eFhSRUFOcUp3LU9VSWpqNmllN2dhUkVFWTB5c3pyNjdPUnJR?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

My First “Conversation” With DeepSeek - Econlib
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibEFVX3lxTE42cnc1RmtwTVdPd0wzNWhvWmZMWTJLTlQ4N3c0SGxPcHZXNktyWnJaMXJSUTJ1ZDVZVDVDODVJbWMwampyNFNGMlJwRXZUeWxJalRSQ3dWdUQyRDMySFNxRnZrT1ltRUF4bnNNeg?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 15:03:40 GMT

How China created AI model DeepSeek and shocked the world - Nature.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiX0FVX3lxTE9nR09fYmNsbGF3ZmdEU0xZUlRCMkM1XzZpQmhreWt1Ny1IekxJeGNzbXk0Vzc0b0JQYUpleE1QM3FBX1RaalNXZ1F6ajR2U1Q0dDdCUUVsWXhuYkphTVBv?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1 models now available on AWS | Amazon Web Services - AWS Blog
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifkFVX3lxTE1rY2hJM1UwODQtOUZxMWN1Y2NYMElnUnlPb05VbDc5R21mRFplRTlsekN2QXYtUU1CQW9RWjJVV0VSSjZYVGhXVlFTZGx5RGFicmtkY2d5Z1hPcnpCVGhMSnBXMHhMNEppNzgxYjJ3UHZZclBvNzl0Vi1aTVB3QQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Q&A: What Is DeepSeek, the Bargain AI Roiling the Stock Market? - The Darden Report
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipwFBVV95cUxOS0ZWeE4tR041QUhDQWNNQUZfQ3VOa1lzNXpNaE04SnpDR3hiMXpTc1BxeHJTTjQxU196VlNpYUtFbF9LZlVtNWo0NndGYUlEc2g0NmhQeDdScFdqQllsOElPazZHVGpNNXBrdmpvRnU2dzlqOTVDczVPdUlQLVpua2JLdVROQ3ptVlh4WGVMc1NWaENSaThQRlhfeVdUdy1DTkU4N1c1bw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Wiz researchers find sensitive DeepSeek data exposed to internet - CyberScoop
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMickFVX3lxTE1SWEJaUy1DZW8tYjBXT1pKaC1PYS1SWXc1QXV2LUtxczRQTHRWeWppQ2htY1BrdlRuYm5NeGotdHdyeWJSMVRZelI0Rlc5NlNXeU5Ma2FRM0pWLTcyVnJhTXdnSVdxQWlXcHVqaG1SZS1Tdw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What Is DeepSeek-R1? - Built In
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiZkFVX3lxTE9IbHNMRHVCVEsxa3k2Q3VDRTBZTk9lZnVWN2MwTVVnMmlxcWJuQncxZkViQW9UTk1QUUdvU0VKZlFnbGpQemZCOV94elZ6UTdCSXNzS1Vhc2ZmVW5OYW5KVXdvX3ZsZw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1 Now Live With NVIDIA NIM - NVIDIA Blog
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMia0FVX3lxTE5YcXhUMmp4Vk9aaEJKNExjSlhDWG1icUo1VFFBRWJad2NJUjNXQmlTTnhwTkJ0dXE0NzJEMmlKd2ltWXR5SHZmc0NoZkxwNUp5QTI4UGVEZ09DZTBOZUNJQVpCeEkwOTJva19R?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek: A breakthrough moment for AI - KPMG
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMia0FVX3lxTFBoUHRlTUVBdmZ3TlN4RlJOMFQ3RUNpZlpmakx6ajJiVTFHWXNIMWQwZ3BBZnhiZmdEWG1kX1lfVzFERUVRNGxYbG9lcnFoaGt5d2tRRkV1U0V2UVNhb3E4dUJZbGw4UnFGcFI0?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How does DeepSeek R1 really fare against OpenAI’s best reasoning models? - Ars Technica
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxQVjlVOVI1Y21pSHFURUtpYWN1QXVVVllKQTZVUTZ3THIwSXpSaHc5UU1YNkRrRzZsQWpTaE15V3RQeEQyaVh3NXVBZWdTV1R6aUhQSFBHcy1kTVpidkF3VjBUWHpIRTZCNXFPSDlGeWhpemYyencyczQwbTNoLVN4amVrOElJZURXNjBQdWs0RFFlS3NneENTN1FHRW1sbUtTbWFtYVlyeDI1QQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

I asked DeepSeek and ChatGPT who would win in a fight — one of them had the funniest answer - Windows Central
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMizwFBVV95cUxPNHY4bWVEYWk1UjJoZ0xhUW5Xc0FfTjl0MkZmYlBoVEtHZWJfYk5wSU1NTXp5dnZORUR3a2d1YklsWXBwUUdnVEM2NVdNXzIxTlBVMmhSLTRfT3dKazFzWWJVZ2NaWncyemNDZU1iSWdwcXdpdXkzQXpTVUJEQWVzS3hSd2hiWUhOcXJrblQ2czhPVnFQMllpekJkcVo3QktnZnM5dUI0amJJQ2g5cDc2WVl0NlRUOHRILTl4MjRmZGpkUGwyWkE4TFFXUW5DRW8?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek blocked on Apple and Google app stores in Italy - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiowFBVV95cUxOay1TYzl1TkdNWFV3MFdUMTF6YTYwaGNQcDM1cXVPSmUxTV9oZUhSOFQ3R09zTm9FYkExV2poWkhDamRiUFhnZ3kyZ0JSZkdLbDc5M253MGRiRGdwbzRxcU5Belo0TEpnQTZNUFluWi1pQi1mR010QjRJUHA5SGdUbnNxZ3RpS1lHMGxsTmZfQnpVNWVQRzVsUEo5ZVJuUUNzUm9Z?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Does China’s DeepSeek Represent a New—and Much Cheaper—Frontier in AI Technology? - Boston University
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijgFBVV95cUxNaUNSR2hwSlFLaDUzUzQ3MVlyYnlxZmZ3X0luUE1HRzJuQnBKOU00bU5pT1E1YWpKbXJvM0NEYTlUSnBrTnVxdVFGVmFMYVRvSkVUTE9UbDcyeWNKWldsR3F5ZElDbDM0ang4em8zWkFJdlJqb25Rd0RrQVRaX25DRnRqVHBVcFN3b2JOTzlR?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Is DeepSeek a proof of concept? - Atlantic Council
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimgFBVV95cUxPVFk1dkNSbkh1eFVndVdWSVRHZDZNNGlwY3hMenNxNU0xM0FvbG5xZ2JvV2Q0bEZPY081RTVxdm1PODQzdkZHVENlYTV1cUtEM25sdVlCcVdjMk5VMUFQbDdoUGQxQWZZemFLQU56Z1lxYnJOSU5TZWFFTHFuT3JBbUNTdTU5Wjd5TXNEU3dHVEM4YW00X21OakVn?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why DeepSeek could mark a turning point for Silicon Valley on AI - CNN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifkFVX3lxTFBHcjlXU0VqLUUwMmV0OHU3cXFoNm90UlphdHJDTUZHdXV6emVlU212UkFsY0ZYMTJEU1c1dFFFUnFCSW9aYXF5V0d1VGhpOW1DVmNLVGRYMmM1dWptNlMyakxyQmxvX1J0c3RjSkRNSnEyT0Nja3FNZjNNMUYwUdIBdEFVX3lxTE5jR2JoOE54STZldHFCcDhBZldRa1BHNkllcW9vc09sUXRCZlNyWXlKNGVqRGRrc0cxMUYzdEI2R0xnRklQYUNoWVEwRG9VTUlUbENvYmZSTUphZHNqNkJ4WnQxWkMweEJRMldqMUt3WGo0S1B2?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

‘Game changer’? What ‘DeepSeek’ AI means for electricity. - E&E News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijAFBVV95cUxOYzNuR0QxMk9FVEVOTkJyS1c3b281cTVoejQ2Y1Jzb2dlZUNuOHBrTFlaRjgybENDZHF4TDlyX0ZYZFZaNWRBdmVwLUhYQTlod3NhRng5eElyT1VqQzRUTHV2MF9ld3JRQVhLMUwxOGxMZkhLNDYwZzVNclY4aWRxY3ozdDRLU0NlT3VfeQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Scientists flock to DeepSeek: how they’re using the blockbuster AI model - Nature.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiX0FVX3lxTFBRblNXaHVPcFZiNkk0MDJ6aWpFYkRpR216TWhsTjRkRXBRdkI1STJmMUR1aGQtY19yR0FQUm5sekhzcUlGYm04TzhySlJrS2tmZU44RWZXd2NUOEZDZkZr?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1 model now available in Amazon Bedrock Marketplace and Amazon SageMaker JumpStart - AWS Blog
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi1gFBVV95cUxQQ2dMN0tOMzdZNmNmNkxFbVlXX0Fiak9oV1VFTUhHTWN0Uk5vTE9oS3c2TU5SRkdVOW5aVEIyM3NSamhEdUhxWkVRTXRISlhkc3BGa0EwcEdfTjBmSEhfOUVFWk1SazhrT1JxcXU1Wm5zQWFLcmJNVGtXTVhGS1k2RDg4N2QyNHdfX3JWaDRVSHNUTVdJX2pqUVRVWmRUSVg4OVdMMFZxNFhPLVVWbXVySU5GQmpGcDJUVUdpTjdwM1JyTkhUeGdNWHdLckstN2Znc0g0UDN3?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Deploy DeepSeek-R1 distilled Llama models with Amazon Bedrock Custom Model Import | Amazon Web Services - AWS Blog
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixwFBVV95cUxOcGdnVXQ3cjZGY29tQzFMNnhBdTZoRzFBd3Y1Y3RaUDdoSVZmSWdkQVVKbUJLWHNrTUdoYlJzcnFEV2JpSW9fRzNJNThic3I5TDlmc3BXZmlfTmtCd01OUEtTeWFmQmQtSzBHbUlldWhZZGZ4S09RQ1NHZG1LVnBaRE1ESmdXT3NKa205bnRsVy1rQmlLaEYwTGFnZk5XM2NIVXpoODh3TFFPU1Fia1YwT3p2UFRyMlpCSFFJMGlCUzgzLWI3OHpJ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Italy's regulator blocks Chinese AI app DeepSeek on data protection - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiwwFBVV95cUxNeFJTYlQwcG9iVXd4bW1udDBZeFlHUFRhNmZpXzFEUmtXYVVkeUJRcUFsenIzRmxqZ2s2TXFSQko5VXFaaGp6VkF3N2o1d296NzBCNjh0U2VoaC1PVXBGQ24zelBubXU3NWwzZzJsY2RSMUhQd05aSkJZeUx1WmxwVkt0NTBhY3Vwc2V3V1NPb2xxZ0pvQ2o3bnpNRVhGZ0ZtelJMdC1SSTBFRGRmY1RuUTdqeVo1V3VNRTduZndxbHQ1TzQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek just taught the AI industry 5 hard lessons - Mashable
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiXEFVX3lxTE9rR2lIaEtLWG9tMGN4U0F3UGNEcW8zTVNza21NTGs2ZVpuUTIxR21DRFE1NWVnQTVMNVZzamp0RlBzbVVhS2VuaXE2MkhyaUg3NjNFaVZwTHp0ckUw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why DeepSeek Doesn’t Matter. The new AI model is a hack, not an… | by Thomas Smith | The Generator | Jan, 2025 - Medium
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTE5aU3NSQU82MmlYV1V6Wlh3WVoyZktWZHoyT3htdk8xcVAtN2tXeWZjZU9QS3E4RUVPVHdQNVpNTVY5M2V6MGNGellFUmV2eFIxeXM5dE1iMGJTRHIwZGFrV0o4TzVmTWVSeVNzRTJmLTNiQzV0bFpTR0FFUVY?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Rise of DeepSeek: Experts weigh in on the disruptive impact of new Chinese open-source AI model - Rice News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirwFBVV95cUxNS2hEX1JHeFNnZl9EOUdyalNpRklkWl9udEZId2dRbVFrSzFxU3B1TzZRSGJmaU05bTdqWnJfVkpxQ1ZUTzc1Y2N1Uno5VFAwRWtFaHd1NGhGMXVMWll4X1VHRmhiZWZCY2tyUnF2NENQaDJMM3ZueFZ0OU9RQ1pNcGhkazhqaTFLX092eWc1RkdBOG9RNE5jNmRsMXZsUFpoSEtUTDlBZG9xdTBkWW5j?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Is the DeepSeek Panic Overblown? - TIME
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiY0FVX3lxTE9sb0x3SG9KQkUxaXpFcFA3Wm5ITHhMNy1aRm0zem02MmZRZWtCWWRIcVJXVEtqSG1YVFQ4aXg3RUI2bFZPMGxPbS1Tb3RnSnFnM1daRkxIUGJBc3k4bjVlaDI1TQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s Security Risk Is A Critical Reminder For CIOs - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuAFBVV95cUxQbXNSbzlWc29hck0wTnJ1VU5XZDNlZ3ZCNzRjRm1vckU2QUtYVXJnQnRaRXhfTGtmQjc0eTF0bEhZaklPQTVQMzNyZUdKLTFpakFYWF9iTmZpZDEyRldEbmlTeFNjeHBoejFEYnRMNFFWRzlyMXdpUkhrZFo3VWE0VDFxdmNqekN4RC1uemdVekprdVhVNElMTTVmWmhzbHo0X2p2Qjhrc0EzeTdzYkhrU3pncjYxcGRx?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

French privacy watchdog to quiz DeepSeek on AI, data protection - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixgFBVV95cUxPOTRvLUd4aDFjSkp2M2NUQndNV1h2ZWxfRmxSMjdsb3VXWVRKUDNOYk5fa3pRNy1jTDB1TmhZZmwxdDY5a3RKSnZnUUdScWZvdGhQbm5KdGpWLUFmMGtSSDU3QjFoU0h0QTR2T0tBWk41eVZBS3pMSFlzSVpkMFI1ZDFLU2VmNzJCdDJILU5kckt6Und1bXVVc05QLXRtSVI1bGpKTF95YVNqQ0tMZGhOZ1N2RHUtZEM5YUVtTGNQV3l0NFBQTXc?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Irish data regulator requests information from DeepSeek on data processing - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiswFBVV95cUxNMDhzczdHNl9nR1R6MnN4TUJ0UWNIa2FXTnd2TGFrYi0zcnB2SE9VQUxhbzJvdDJiU1U3ckZ5WVZLaWMtUEFOZ0lmTnV2M2RKRmxnYnJJeVpUWnhKaUp1R1lCcU5fX3NJa1QwdW53NTFtdlJNRHhqSzdYX0FfVWVXM2ZNRk9mM3IxU2NoX0Rpa19IT1RpTEFRbHZZM2pOWTFDRFpEM2tIVnhEVFRuTnMyT2pqTQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What DeepSeek Means for the Future of AI - Built In
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTFBaWG1mZXhJaUNBb2Q5NTg3ZzVRUjV0eHNUTndVOG03NS1vUDgwdjFiU0ROdEVhU05pakYzTHQ5OEZNZzJuSFFsSWxFd1pXdlJGSGc2Z0FqakZjcTdoUmxmVG1ZcGQzMkstLWpnX1M1QUgzOHZlcTk0QlpCMEw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 17:00:15 GMT

AWS Adds DeepSeek’s R1 AI Model To Amazon Bedrock, SageMaker - CRN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilwFBVV95cUxPYnNiNVlLeUo3UXo5MXU1MzFxemRMSlB4QXB4a3BGZ2pTa0dJX2o0bkllWFFZV2Y2ek5iQmx0ZE1tc3JqM3Etd2tSZkFQN1V3dERwcEJkMTR0a3dneVctRk50N0pUWHlkVW4xcUZWNkVPeF9DYlpuTHlpV0VBd2hJb3lGTWZmei1sVTJaOTN4UGxVenAyN0ZV?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Unleashes Smaller-Footprint Models That Can Transform AIOps From Cloud To Edge - Forrester
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivAFBVV95cUxPcGwwdW1sSGd4c20wVXYwY09XRHZURmdpLUpEYV93MFpEOHpDeXdVZThJVmFtT0FUeVl1eW9yNWN1bmEycDc1aHdoVjdMOVo4NzFiR3dpakN4UF8ycFQxT1ZZQTBsSWtlR3lCRHVZQzgtVEtwVjcwOG0yc3ZRd3NvYWZnekhPUm03c1g4YkVIbnZMb1hHcXVLQ0Nmbk9WNzJ6UDI4V3d0bVNJaFdHOGp5bUxxVTJHVHZqaXlwZg?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What is DeepSeek? — everything to know - Tom's Guide
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMickFVX3lxTE53eHpkTUFkZ1R1bGttcGtBRTlhYy1XOXRUamtCVENIX19ybnlna3RjOHVVRTYtTGVtcHdMdEJLeDlUdEczX3hDTmRSSkhsTmRpY1gwaHVlU19iZk5CQllialk1YjUzX0pfMmZxWTZ0aG15UQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How DeepSeek Turned Views On U.S.-China AI Competition Upside Down - Investor's Business Daily
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiswFBVV95cUxNelB4R2FKaTdsTkliS2ExNzVMQnpZVkJacENSSDhydFNFd3FuTXFibDFQRE00WDlYSjVqdXQ1ZHVwTEhjMVN5VDVidllMa0d6TDZBdlk3LXJiTi1uaGNPeXVzRzZMQkZkSG9vVlZ1eDc3VF9qRVBYSjhIMUJNdkRTeDUwbHlnRlRzMm5MVEJaTU1DbTY1b0VfWDVqRGFxX2pUUVhyWXo5a3M4blRIM2JsVThQUQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek's global success received by Chinese with pride and glee - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiywFBVV95cUxOcU1zLUZoLUZ6MTNLTTJWbXU1SVRzbzJGc2pqSmE2SU9CTktxZHpYQmVmWGowSVpVcFo2QUxCSmF6czU5V2pMTWVpX2Jienk3MWk3N056T1N2Y1Jrb0s2R2VtdUdfdGR0SVdMWEktRlFOeXB0bF9ucVQtRWlKVG5HOTBjV2lwZDdQMzJhS0RjSndWUnVCWmc5XzNkaTZlWkoyWmpXWlBzWm9UUHBYNVR1UFl0V0toSTBHbmM0QzhNcG5WLUsyc25XaDA3UQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek is bad for Silicon Valley. But it might be great for you. - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiAFBVV95cUxNdVZKQk9OX3pRelhfVXdmaEZuNGpzY0NzTVVadm80MDl2ZWFEcl9Za3haRTV6dkJZcWpkV3ZwZDhUZWoyU3Q1bV9XT2hiRE5XRExBaHU4WVctWG15MmlnVkdWdGhtYk1MOTFfUmZRN2dqbURLZWJpZGp0XzFjenFfaXZLeGFRWU5X?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Has More To Offer Beyond Efficiency: Explainable AI - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuwFBVV95cUxPTWRZeHpreEtTWEtZVFZqei1Rb241ZjVnUjlqOXJjZnV1Ty1KamhxQVgxQzM2Q2NKQl85SllQYlNzVWhrZ3ZlRG9nMWQ1ZmktQUNWMUptVU13Y2stV1JBZGFWejNBWVhSR2VVR2tYcFU5ZEVScFlkdy0xNjJwUk9kU09SME1MSDg1amp3a2dieU1Oa1ZmNjFrMDRzcTVpQWpxX1RLUVFlVVRvZUR3S19UMl9PSF90THBsb0lR?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

I tried out DeepSeek, but I’m sticking with Gemini for now - Android Authority
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibEFVX3lxTFAyMnhTZ0R1b0FKNk1QOVpJTlRhMEttU1JjajAxc2FjZU9rZWFPd3JlTzg2WGRGcXdQUnpreTRBUlBxWWxjODNHRDRtdWtKMGI5V3dOZlY3MklEcVRrLUdBV3pqZEpuZGNyZWFyRA?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Cyberattack Exposes AI Platform Risks: 9 Tips To Stay Safe - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivwFBVV95cUxPMzhDbldiVUl2N0hHNk5CWmhtcy1ieVFrdE84bE51Y3o3bDNBOU5UQ2pBczB3V2p3SXBKR1Jfc3g5V2dIeEJQblhRb3ZKTzljVnY4WjhMNHFzdmdZblp3aHNVLWhfYjEyOV9rcVpTUVZwWnRCeTkzdkFVUUl1aWZ2Vml6MExBeU1YRlVtSGxmNXRDcUtnQllDSlhicXh6NTA5YS1nZVRFWkZKVzEzWVo1eWRwTzNhcUxheDFSVVRzMA?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What's the big deal with DeepSeek AI? - The CFO
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidEFVX3lxTE4zbkRGTGlyTkNETHE2Z0NzLXBoYXVzaUluN19oN3hWZzB6b25iVFJNT2NqMjF3WUFzd1NUTVViYUlnWGEzenRLaFVFcm80aWVoOWdUS3JwZGszalVNVmdFZ2VhQVF2dkNWWVJwbW53WTNKc0dN?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI Energy Breakthrough Still Faces a Problem - City Journal
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidkFVX3lxTE9LWGZZR3BRdEFsWk8zRVF1MEhGeEJXZ21pWWlVWldvNG9NenhjNmYtaWxGdU5IZzlac2RBWHhhclNKSnNaT1I0OF9Jc2JJSTNFVmJ3U1RnQXNDZWcwVHJjaFphME5JeTZ6NlhMTDgyLXlvUVhKU2c?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Alibaba releases AI model it says surpasses DeepSeek - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixwFBVV95cUxQWjlCUzNIOURFNWtpVDNLenVvRkRrU0pfUHlkY1NsTEp2WmJOSFlJRWJ1QjAyMXg2ckQtS1RGTVVZNV9pa01xdUVwVDR2azdaVWtVVko3TEZHMUdaRmdKYjlsMGdqNGhTY3FKa2RZbkdIdXhUcVZWODdYWXJkYmxpTjFTSV94MGRRUWhjU2JfRi1RQUVaU1BOelBHR2tLaWh4UmZCOHgzVUFMOVFMN0Zhd3RkSkNUd0ZTWXV6QkpYTWdYX0VwTlFF?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Means The End Of Big Data, Not The End Of Nvidia - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxNUFprMkdxRGk4azZ4S0RkTUVyNDZyUGJoZVZ6UlF6UmozYnJpMjNIV1Y1VWxzb200WFliaEdoQUJSa3RNSXVfUU5yUDFYOUdLMVJNUWJyVWY1T0tpa0MxNkxQZ1NobHJya1Q0REZSN3NIOERVR1ZpQTZHc0ZLNTNsVS1jODhSZ0ozX3VNUmxEVUxMVllBSTdqekV6aGw0MVNocVZXYlJBbzZZdw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why DeepSeek Shouldn’t Have Been a Surprise - HBR.org Daily
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidEFVX3lxTE1sdjFRYndpemJYQmhlOUI3YUZWTjZnVEVhNEVGOFpjN0Vpd1M4dWdDUEdWdjdwOENwUFI5SFM3dnVVb3RMWnlNbjNXNjFYcXo1aVU3QjVuN2c5OEZ0a3h1Q0t1ZDNCdmF4bVhZYnAwdXZmZkR2?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

OpenAI Says DeepSeek May Have Improperly Harvested Its Data - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihgFBVV95cUxQMFhZTDdlZU5QVURvSDlhUW5QSnpleEdEbmYtOHRGSjJVd0RzYThRaThuQzZNS21MZGZxa1c0bmh6ZXpmOHlLZ3lPd2RUZ1N0aTZHQ0Vpa21HM3JVdmRObEU0WG5mMF9IaHZfNFgxb2tITW9OUkNhTUtBVkNacWhKRHNjTXZQUQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What DeepSeek knows about you — and why it matters - Mashable
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTE83ZHpXWVE3NVRoa1NrbXZkNm9IOUtLVDZLNGdOZWc3QVBDSkFkaEVsQy12UGkySGVjY05pY1YzX0dNUndoZ29qcktKSmp5bkVnRHFsZlVsR3NQRkNEQi04MzEzTWtNRFNlQ19OaldmaS1PU2doRk9NVGJpQ0U?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Is Not a Good Reason for Big Tech to Become More Powerful - TIME
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMid0FVX3lxTE9FQWJjNFNSVXJZZHZNcGF0RFRISVNydnVEUnI3Ync3U3R2MndhcnZBSXBldWVOQlMzakRRdzFvS01tLUpjVC0yOGNfS050NUdGSW1Vb3BoZUdzaU8wbGtLakV5Tl9FNlRWenpyOHpLWHYtOUw1ZzV3?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI Database Exposed: Over 1 Million Log Lines, Secret Keys Leaked - The Hacker News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMif0FVX3lxTE1LcWNDaWpjMGRQZ1NaN2NPZ2hORnB6RGRPVlloQ200YThXd2Yyck80TXFQbGF5X004Um92aXlvQmtld2JCTF9fRTF2NkhjOTFCS1VuTkwtdTFSVTdkXzlXYVIyVTgtTnEwMnpkTjlrUFFfcHBqeDk3R3BCZFp0UTQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s Hidden Warning For AI Safety - TIME
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibEFVX3lxTE1laFlnN3llWDhSdk5HTy1GOGlpMzB0RldtUHZueTBfNURIUFFOS0FlWm1sVU54WTJzckZKN0JabW05b2tyVi1RZC1xTnphalZYVi1rQmo4MDFYWkxZRzg4dGh5amZiaDJkNy1pcw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek database with private data and chat logs was exposed to the internet - Mashable
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiZEFVX3lxTE8yelNleHctYng1WmNLck5fWkhVN2lXcV8xNXRIc0NuNk1mdDhkLXpfSzhQSVl2S2N1QjVQejRQMy1IeDhOd2RuR29RQk1JMmtZQWR0bUs0cjVOMlZQNEpaaHBkTGc?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek leaves US AI firms racing to understand its success - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiwAFBVV95cUxNdHozeld5Vm45R2JGZWhQUmxUSDR6cGlRbjk4aHpRSFluekRUaTE3N19JOEN5a2J6eGdLUkV5cnpobG1WMjhIOGdZV2dxZVJPdDl6a3piVm1Ga0F2eEVqLUtIWHZZLXpWdjVxckdKOUxrcjNENzFaVmwwQ2FVWUxjaV9ycTRpSHVDVmV0elNlX29ManVJVkRHUzF1TXc3cmE3ZERtelloa2s5blBnQmg1WWVDYi1heHVHN2kwR0MwRGg?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek's AI claims have shaken the world — but not everyone's convinced - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxQNjlmSlVhNzFtaXlJM2RFRF9VbjZhdWY2U0dvMTZzcFFyR2xSNG9Fa1lRSkZKU2hTcDVSQ3owMGtUNS05Wk5hRUw1dXI2d2pyeG1SbV8zUFdzZHI4WUFDLXkybFhhMXEycGtrOThoRkJfRXB0Yi15eGlaOHcwVXFBblBtZlRQSGhsZTBRejdzR3ZiakdQcXJMVW9wOTVWdWVodFdWUGozcVQzZ9IBrwFBVV95cUxNVnlUQVJ6Y0l3ODRtUWMtVDZUbkk3VmJrb0ZmVXc1OWxGT0Z0VEViUENpUUo2b0lFNGFSN3lMUTVQZG9xMkJKcDc2X2c0OXN3RHFlNU1VXzNoVmJzXzJzNmpPeTJRc3k3aDg5M05zeEh2OXJNeUZROGZnRzh1R1d4OXNzaFdrdldNTFVfcjRlUmhyUGRoRGZub3JHa1k3MnNTV3NxMDVmS2JqRFZzWEFV?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Microsoft rolls out DeepSeek's AI model on Azure - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitgFBVV95cUxQRURxOExxUDRvSjhpNmt3SVFERXo2SmtFX1EzTi1HOXJma3ZNZURibW1kbndkMWpGUWl2NmJhR2dvczR6X3R4QnAtS2NEb091cWdSbmlEZ0ltV2JWTmotQmc0a18tNzdmbjdtQ3dUa2ZydUNyb3B6dmo3Q09GdmJZRHZ6VVROM1pSSm1nZ1VMQzRCd2hxNWtvYS1fRGFuMXN0NXdLSFVod25NWnNnQzlCZC1FQS00QQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How DeepSeek changed the future of AI—and what that means for national security - Defense One
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitwFBVV95cUxQNERUem1RdlpvWkh5Y19UU0tzdUJOVGtpYnFmTnpQTGRkZkE5RHhDZ293WWV6bW9wcXFSWW40cGRrTUhfLU9DcWtHYmZxMmZTVDd0ZHFnVVZLLXpTRllIT3U3MU9QaFBWWE5Rbi1lOWJlUjR2aWRtUWtHOV9fTGpHT2FLbV93ZFV6S2steDJQT0RJQW9QNUdXcXh3aWlyOTZWNGVkakVfdVhDeGs0VnFQU2dQZEZ5bGs?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What DeepSeek's Technology Could Mean for Tech Stocks | Investing - U.S News & World Report Money
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiigFBVV95cUxPQUQ2eGk4WVZzZ2JDQ3lLWEkwbkJOYW0tSnBPOUxhajJmYlRKT1ZjUGNKQ1k2UUMzV2JMOEI4eExmejVLaTF0eHB5RE9GbXUzS3lva1RoMkRDNHhCb1U5bEZGUGpJVlpQSWxuR1BHQUZJdGszY0MzVjNiRzFwUmhJQVZDZ3NDaFFXUlE?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek has rattled the AI industry. Here’s a quick look at other Chinese AI models - The Associated Press
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilAFBVV95cUxPcDJmRVhsWU02VnRWU2p0bGNOR2Z0VVNzZUhZdDZHYkpHSlNuanlaa2VLVWZxTjVqZjhGc1NfTUY3Y2Zwa1RDZDd5NDYtc2xnMk85Z0JrX3NlaU5Eay0xcXc3bWVYOV9kME5lQUY5cHdGM3JWMlNJNG5sT0wwUWpXeElIVnFVd3ppS1RvSDIyeU03UmFu?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Scoop: Congress bans staff use of DeepSeek - Axios
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMickFVX3lxTFAzeVEwallodnVWb2lLUGFJdl9lZmx0aXB0R0FUUmF6S2RBWjRGX25lVF8wN0R1cmw4Si1oMlF0dUhIVDJsdGI0Z09BQm11RXZ2UDlqbV9vZER6Y3pxOVFKZTRpclNhZ204MFl0MnBtQjRrZw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

OpenAI now wants to make DeepSeek look like the villain - CNN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxQSnMyRFNfOGdSZ3p3TlkwY3RTQk51UHhFcUxncDZwUjY0Z1QzWWhKa1FfWWtGY2pMdFhTUXNHZlBnZVFxYzVpNEVsaVBfM3lfOVZtNEJkYVBBMXlZeXVCMndRTlBLVzV1RnJ2SVBkaFp4M2h2OUdSSmpUUDF2Y0dxNtIBd0FVX3lxTE5BeGNTdFcyYndFZjZsWEZjX2tZaHhRNG9CVHBaRGV3VTF1UHQyandqRWtORm92NVV5eFVNdDVNc0JVcjkteTg3c0FtNHcwLUdBa28zSFNCcHZrZHZZbkNjLTBCRG9OX1pDYjBSYmhiS0RpX29iYXBZ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How a Free Software Strategy Catapulted DeepSeek to AI Stardom - The Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxQV0J6MUZmeWpCSzJUeUpiOW5GdG5KWW45ZDRURW1BZ1BLN0ZNNkRwWUpFQ3lUZmd3Ti02VTRGTG5GcHZMU0ZjZEpZMW5zbmxrTDZ3V041OERoSGZva3NjcHJ5SXRkQ2k0Z0JpbkNYSU5QOTFkb2ZHWFpaRnFxcVJaekU4M3l6dW9yVFQ5Nl9pWmd3dUNlbHpndnFkUGliYWpzRXc?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek's chatbot achieves 17% accuracy, trails Western rivals in NewsGuard audit - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiwgFBVV95cUxOdnB0bWJpVmhKWFhTYk15Z0hmejZDNl9MUUtXaE5WejFZbUJDSTdrSklPU1E0RmRIZUZaMDMwVlYtbmk2bWRLUmxtZ0FlbFdGUnhXRy0yQXhJXy1kSC1KR05wNlJTZ1JHenVjSjJ3UkIwNUVVRFFGMWJ2Q1owUkxVdHRyR3h1VjliQnA1QkYyWVpSOWhjaUxwdjhpcjMwQjVRY0VlbU1TSE8tMzk3WHc2dEloVGlVX0RLVll2VURwc0J4QQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Locked Down Public Database Access That Exposed Chat History - TechRepublic
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifkFVX3lxTE90ZFdrWXpKbTcyVDFVWXozMlZOQ2I2ZXRwaFNJMWx2MzBMNTlKaGNhaGpLRS1ablJRZ3RrWHgtOWw1UnV5R1BGQXhlYjFyVk9TRk84THd1YWtLSmpXYmprWXl1aUZZczA0WXVQNHdoWDhfZF9pQ3h4X2RLb0J3dw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese state-linked accounts hyped DeepSeek AI launch ahead of US stock rout, Graphika says - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi3gFBVV95cUxON3M5c1BaMEpyZGtnQXE2WXFYX1BYR1pVRFNZTWY3MEpLS3hnVkNTUTE5VWhVUFk5aWRHd2dnZFJqZ0NRU0Rnc3djVk5faHFCTDk0emRzbWx4TXhBZWE2LUVoTGUweTF3blJHb1lUekZlSzM0VUljNTItTHJxV25IZVJxLTYwVjhiOE9jYy1WUGVJYnYxZWZrVU9zTWxUWEZlNXNPVlE3WFZNUXN0UjJQOXdRZUVNWWZIWFNSSVVOMHVwc2ZoMmF1ZnpvRm9WQVNtcVEyZnRNYkxuS25lM2c?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Is Reshaping China’s AI Landscape - Foreign Policy
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiekFVX3lxTFBXZExQYWtkRUtZSURCTzlkRGhYbVNmTnd6VmhWVzk0Rkd6cDBfNy0wUFdSUDA1OVdIM0U2VjhBdFNNRnVfRGZMdnZRYmVNVEpHMlZDVVVQWVM3eVBCRHhUdlk0d0V5TWZTSGhURDFkM1RnUHhOYVFlWHVn?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek shows the limits of US export controls on AI chips - Brookings Institution
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimwFBVV95cUxQQ1Fsd1JLXzV4UlJ1X2ZKeWh0TlFpUnVHaEUxdlFKeGNrRXNENmhNWHUtMUdJNlNZNVJiWkRiS0gzREFYN2dqcDNVZldSMy1aZEVzZjJBMnVNVmNWVUNhdUItSlFxYUd3bE1JR1N6dHN3NjFIdjJBdEFPamVMd0swWjlhdVRoNnpEcGhoS2J4dlc0aFBJVHdqTnhpNA?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Has Taught AI Startups a Lesson Automakers Learned Years Ago - WIRED
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilgFBVV95cUxPYXhnN0NRc2NjV3ptNDNzS2JjWG1HOHUxVXdfU2hNVEh3Ql9PR29DWGU1YlhBQUtpZHhxb2JhM1Zwd2Z3dzZRbkNPelpUR1ltR1oyamhjdlEwQU5PMGRLT2xzWFk0eVF3eXFBcUVuVnI2N0hob2VYTFNqZnUyT1EyU3BDNVZLZUtpSWdNaXhMOTdTWHMtUFE?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Deepseek Freakout, Skild Robotics Raises $500 Million, Eleven Labs AI $250 Million - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiywFBVV95cUxPdFA4UGp0OEQ3QnJ2TzE0YzQtOWp5bEFTRUJNbHEtY0JuQTdZcFE3UlUzVWIyR3ZHQUp3ZEVqZEZDZ3o4bnFNLTNFLWVXYTh3alplTXpDT0E2WVJhcncwbFZHNm9aUDNWZ1YwWmpJNVdZUkRfdTZXZXZSY0RnRmQ1VWpkWEZDemNCS1FhUW84ZWNXeFNydXZrLVdVYXkyQWVoNFd6ZGJGeVFnQ19KYjVBZE5VdnpmVlU4STQxbEtyRGFNU0h6QXpSUER3aw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Who Is Liang Wenfeng, the Founder of the A.I. Start-Up DeepSeek? - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigwFBVV95cUxQblpVYVFjSmdMTGU0WHVVZWVDa0U1SC1LSGVoc3Boei1ONjR5SEpib1dEdzFsYXlwWmF3MmxNYXJtWldENzZ3cEZzOHJsN1dCTlVIcWs4V0VIbUgyaWxBQVhTeW9MMUZDWG9VaWFHdHNPRWxIRzVMZV9HS0FTbWgwY0JhWQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What DeepSeek Says about the Church in China - ChristianityToday.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikgFBVV95cUxNMW1DcVVocFVlTUswUl95Skk4RUJ4MHc1cGY3WXdnUVd2LWZFeWZBMEZTM241VEVQZUlLNkVMLVR2cDlJYUZuS1VHV1ZUazZHUUgzZFZhR0ZGZWF3ZFYzajhRQ1J2bTFvZVQwLWxPeTBjeVZROTJ0VElZUklqdzZPVUFDdkxsVXM0UnRrOVV6RGVWQQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

High-Flyer, the AI quant fund behind China's DeepSeek - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiugFBVV95cUxOdF9kX3JjZVZZVHRwZ3NjY0VkMExDNmpsTXhlRHM4UFg3WkxyWGNWeFhnRTI5Y0p5RmtkUHZHQ1VHY3VQUV9VYXB6TktSb3dsb0I3Vkk5aVdnOThWc1BtRHh3cEliT1ktSzJTd0puTE5RX2RSNzQ3OWk3eHkzMlJlTHg5b3RObXo0S1hmVExxQ2Qta2lSVllpa2dUM0NKTXZhbG9rMUk3SGMyVnFyaHIyc0phN1dockl4eGc?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek leaks one million sensitive records in a major data breach - CSO Online
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitAFBVV95cUxOcll2Mkg2eElDUVZhLWVQRWZCcHRKcGRoWFB1TkxuY2lyRkJjOGlKb0xGZXAwTVFtZTV5WXhHUmRBUkdUbllJSlpwWWlaS3Fkd25BZnJacjRhTUZ3SkZlRGl1UVhjZHRVdk0wanJqUWFJM2RRTHdMQVlpbWlVbU5mZTZZRU1CV1pqSWZiRUxFcWVPM1JPdzVkeEUtbnNlcC1saEtfcXJ2RHhoblNnaERoQ0dxSFQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Italy blocks access to the Chinese AI application DeepSeek to protect users’ data - The Associated Press
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiswFBVV95cUxPYk03Y3luSExUVzNlaEFCc3Nxa1VpVEdncEpRNkxWYkx6NkZwbjRPMlNkTkVUT2hKb1d0XzYtaE5qa0p6bzQ1Q2N6aGs1RHdXel9zakx2RWQ3bGdaYWhnQmdGRFA2MTlpXzdUNWJmX255Z1pqVlN3X2VKZXl0eHFVVC0yNzVoSlRzQTYwRFRfMzBOTWdCOVp4aHdkWGpmUUNRVjVpb04tZG1TV1BjT0NhWjBqTQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why blocking China's DeepSeek from using US AI may be difficult - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixwFBVV95cUxQMVJ6T0lkcUtJei0tSGtNZ2JrZW5kMkdkdDFRWWhzdFotZnE4OG8xTndjUjZrcVVRZC1Eamk0ZmgycTBUbmFWVmdNajNmRE9lY194NkZqMUdETloyemlyNEYyWU5LS1liQ2h6bW1hM0VvejFYSnktRHUzWE1Kdi1qSUpETWMtcTlVc3FHM0MzeHJRZi1xMnFPV2xEV2VPNlpXR2xuN0NCOXd0V0VRaXlaWDBNelR1N3U3Tkx1dXFZVVEzMmtQQ2tV?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chip stocks mixed with DeepSeek shock, earnings in focus - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipgFBVV95cUxPclQteVJIa3UtZTZOeGhFZndyZGRBTG5TNDNIZlptYUlBdVA3RE1yMl9pYTg3VlAyUEpHeXBXdlU5S2FsWkVBWkhvV0pYWlVocXh0dHdEcWxsX2RRc2QyR2pmdHJ2WnltMERzbUlXS3R2VVVuMmY3TXJTUjA3SENxUXcydk9wTUxXcExMRk9WV0UxODB2TGNmU0Z0bFBZWWVTdzBoZTZn?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

U.S. Businesses Already Love DeepSeek - The Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMif0FVX3lxTFBHY3lKWHMwWGdXZy1iaVBsdVh4UEpDRzZsaXd5Zk84T3o3QUhGN1dSaHV6bkE4SXZPVFBYVzNISzZranhIU0dZc09xZnNwQ3YtTWFLbFdxaWlWMTFvdnVRblBkcTZ5R0g4cWRzbkJSRWk0aWhiY1pFZWM5UjY5YlU?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

OpenAI says DeepSeek may have "inappropriately" used its models' output - Axios
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTE1UdXhSQW1YQzhiVERVUW41WHVlOEVXRnVPSmw1djl4TlRpUG02Q1NQV3FZdXRuSkszWjh6TnBlU2d2OHppbkhHdjZ6QVNreUlUcEJ5ZUZ1RHFPZnpzRFJETFF1Z2RMbmNVUl9lNHQ4dDR3M2lIMVJsUXR1MUk?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Did DeepSeek copy ChatGPT to make new AI chatbot? Trump adviser thinks so - The Associated Press
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinAFBVV95cUxOMEZ5M1hGMVNWTERxR2FHTXRmbE9wcTJoeUhRME9wRE1qaUs2Wm9pZ3BNaDBwV3Y0OVg3dVQtSVl1ZGt3ODluQUFKM3EwMlppV0NMeEFhd0tZRy1fY2FKNU84SjhOZHg3SHdxY3ZIaVlGUGl5ekQ4TVhnRTVDOTBURk8yZUFYYlh1REREVUtxWndYVGFhVnBreEJ0TXU?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How China's DeepSeek Redefined The Global AI Race - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiowFBVV95cUxNaFhrVFl3QVAyaDdHTEZEazZuazAyQm1ENjBOY3VrQkNqMUp6MDEtRGVSdjdQcVlMaEFYZ3FOTTdmbzVQVUxXaUYwWVZZQ2ZPMFhrbjdmTXJfSnc4OUV5RDlOMTZGUUIwMS03ZFE0QXdZbGFQQzJITm9sNTRJcHVERk1KTnlKMXFXYlFSLXRCbzI3N1owSzAwVVNRNmF5QUpkWnk4?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek helps speed up threat detection while raising national security concerns - VentureBeat
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitgFBVV95cUxPN2Fxc2hpM0lnb2JUTC1RTUdfMDdHVDZKeTZ5REZvNTZaanJ4Z0M5Zm00YTNYRXRfRVZFdmptcXA5STRkZExwWWpWTHVibWlJNVR3LWVSY0NfaHdhYjdtMDY4Tnpxd2RCanY0RjMzby1Yb0tkeW40TzZoVlBBa09ILXNOa3dqOHpPNFJlOFdMRlQ4dHp3OUxXTGwyQTFLd2hMV3dVTHN6eUNIYi1GbGxrSFRlSmRKQQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What does DeepSeek mean for AI's environmental impact? - DW (English)
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilwFBVV95cUxPTjRlc2dSZXlCMjI3VklqSEFXWTVNd1FuWEYxTFBtemc4alhGTjB2QXJNcXRJamIySEExcTgyQzdxUEo4cy1QMWtiblRuVkZta0ZlZldMbUhVYnhSN2FSNXYxOS1HeUw0TnBLLUZSX3RuWUFGakE1YlRHdWhabXFIa2FGMUVialpEWjBTS0hKd01jRG9WRWVz0gGXAUFVX3lxTFBNaFhxTXd2RVQ0dFRWa2M4a1A0UDdLZmZFV3lfMmhaaFBJbm51eS0ydzJmemdjdF9QQnZlRURUYTZqS3RyR0hPRXNmam01cmhlZEotTmZnWTZVTnFPb2loVDJOTTRoRDFkOEloRXB6RGJ3M2pOUUlYRGE1M0RiajF6T0FsWmdaT25yNTlBM2FPQzNFTnZTSE0?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

The real meaning of the DeepSeek drama - The Economist
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxPMVVFeXdpbURrZ3pfdXlyTE1oa1BUUktLU29nMVdQZC1rMzVsU2hvd056b2N3dVlOenRQUnZoQXBmaXBxQlQ3aGlTSlVmeS1MWHNUS2FLelVhcDVRRjNFTVp3UE5nY2lHOXBKTmRkd3BKNjZaR3MzYmV4eTN4YUx4NThFV0phQTVOVTlj?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Experts say the surprising success of DeepSeek is a ‘validation of Apple Intelligence’ - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiAFBVV95cUxORGZBdDVNUDZGbXNkYjJYZWhCRDZaSUx4eGZTdHV6djV6RlRSaWFGeTUtNjFpZ3FLWGhTQXNEeFpsck5OYl9kZ0J6eTM3WHZORmxPY0FqYjJ3VkhFazFBZG9KWDE5MDVTeDd6MFBkOUd5aE9DVldVQ01KTlRHVFdSNnFTQndMRkcy?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why DeepSeek Is Sparking Debates Over National Security, Just Like TikTok - TIME
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidEFVX3lxTE1zZWxuOVQtbGY4Q2xQVTk4TXZBS3JqWGk0MHg1RS0xRlQxTWNmblJiQ1BHblNTVjZMNUtsMEtUeE9LUjF3TDNWSUdZNlR5dFZkTERSOWRpVDJtcEFjbUlmcE5fNnZiNGZsdlVXUG5DRTZmdzNI?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI raises national security concerns, U.S. officials say - CBS News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiAFBVV95cUxOdEVwdDNzVzZCX1dSVXVETHFvbElGbW1KeTVYNFN3Ym9PTDllUGk4VnRpRUVsZmV0eFlCNncycnZjbmFnRFFrTWozQ3g4Mm14dlFrOWxIcWJXREd3ZWlyQ182TjdESHJSNEhET3lUMUtIMnZtck9vSlF3aENWM2ZQREZONEY1TTJS0gGOAUFVX3lxTFBka2RpeVphbUhCNHNmeTVWSWRJcmh3aFA1Qk1lWUpaZElUWUxOSjNPMjFocHJuaENlbzFDbFhZTm5CbmpxNFc2aXVpcS10bnFLbjRWVzFReWVvcTZMOEN3ZnV2WHk4M2UwN0dhNUpuUzI4c2pzTEl4NGhIbUNHNmUza2hyU0t1WFczX3NLNHc?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What DeepSeek means for the AI race - The Economist
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiAFBVV95cUxQTnc1aVlxZUNSX05xNjl4ODVDR2tianJzbHN3WjhDRGhzUXJBVkdBZXBXdFRndlN6Qi1lakQ4M2dhNlR3QmdmYmpIT2U3dWVNcWFtenZfcWMzNVZkRUdtOHJNMWFXaDRBSnhNdXVneFpHSllJd2ZlMi1Ta082emNuallKY1VZZk1K?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Dario Amodei challenges DeepSeek’s $6 million AI narrative: What Anthropic thinks about China’s latest AI move - VentureBeat
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMizwFBVV95cUxPYWg4ZXprR2dHWDRwbXBQd1Z6NERrWUJ6VVlRenZBbm1MSjFXaHAzRlBCaWkyNkVnbEFJbGFOT0dhcHhtWkFJdFNPZWU3ajhOdEFvWDJDWHdvbUtXNjlFUmZobWl5VUNwMjF1ei1zLUg2Yy1WeHpldUlCRVdSSnM1dzZPSXpSclFVbG9zTUNaT2thalpjZFNXZTJvVUdVbTk5bi1pVU92Ukhkc01PQXhqQ0x6TjZNNTY3NjNKS21RdXA4LTdUMlplTERhV1JJOXM?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Microsoft, Meta back big AI spending despite DeepSeek's low costs - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi4AFBVV95cUxPdkRGZFR1NmdNUTdibExsU2ZBTWh4eE1fWWl2NkF1bmowUWNzbGN1RTUydFhWMTVKN0kwQk1oOGZCbU5yT1RWMnlxamtVYWxSek9HTDBlOG05YjkwWHpQOC1zbXJEVFFjTlo5bG1KRVFEMS1ObS0xdDQ3UXJyVXZlZlZHUzNTQlp4bS1vWHJrWmRON1VrM083dXFSalh1VGpmaGxHTUs2enc0c2lHM094NUlfUVJtUkx3TVd5Wm4zODdWRnRUYVhMNmpHSHd3Z1VMSV91Q0hpNHMxdmJUSG1BNg?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Eye on the Market: The sincerest form of flattery: On DeepSeek, NVIDIA, OpenAI and the futility of U.S. chip bans - JP Morgan
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxQSVNVamZRNWpYd1JkbXpUNTIwN2kxMElkQy1iYXl0cjFkTDR4cDVMTHMxYUdkN1A4bERuNXhRcm0tVGpfbm1uMm5MYlVrV0tKYzdCX1Y4WkJHRkhNYmxsUURJNUVaX05qQ09LYnYzX2lZUlVNR3VCY3lZWnprcXE4dFNiQWgzMS04OE1v?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

ASML CEO makes case that DeepSeek is positive for chip demand - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipwFBVV95cUxPdWc1STNxSHliQlVOcUpPQ016XzVfLWw3Mno5bklnajBDczlnQzBGTDhpUlBvSVhWS3Z4ekFhS25hZi1yRzBpWFFsS2dHZEZfZFYwS0tLOWtwOGZiYmZqOGNrTW5mSjRoYk1DR1B2bzVVSUc3RHdKZEhoaG9qeGdNakJRamREVlRUbURUNUdLU003OXd3WjlTTGZGdVZaY05FR3AwT1E4VQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Did DeepSeek Copy Off Of OpenAI? And What Is Distillation? - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirAFBVV95cUxOSEVOb3NuWnRkcHg2alplZjgzaUl2WHlZMFFVclNKbGg2WWt0QlBKZ1Z6N1l4Wm56Tm9NYnZ4aTNad0NBSEdRT3dEc093cC04aEg5bmY2LW1sbzE4QjFDblNBWlJKRnptazRFVlYzbDFIVE5oN0pTM0FiYVhFZTJPOEZPSlVmd0hobUI2RjlxTkxjMFBEYVhha05tZTlJRnBjOVFtUnBwYi1KMjl4?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Microsoft, AWS and Cerebras launch DeepSeek-R1 model - TechTarget
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisgFBVV95cUxQYWJEanljemQ3dnJUUFJUal9Oam9kWnptVGo4TEZjeVNLSUEtMVB1Nk5CVS1JUG82SnNSMUJENVVNSFhhZldyTlhpV3JGVVI3c1Q1YkFSV2R5RURPa2xFRFRNc0tCbmJFdkliellFTTQ1MnRTLVhsTVJ0OWI5RkR6YkkzMERrcmVCYUxjTjZfcDAySlJfZ0RDallaVTRaUlVPYlE0Z1MzQ2kybHJhWmgwd1pB?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Exposed DeepSeek Database Revealed Chat Prompts and Internal Data - WIRED
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimgFBVV95cUxNaXB2WUFiWi1lVWdJSDhBbmd5VW41akFfR0t1UDlmbXphTkdQbWQ0TlJxVTZRRExpdkhSVWNwU3QzOEZOTjdYR2JtQ1d1U1Q4UzlRSHVuSEo5a0xnWVN6WmhONnRnWjkxN2hqOTZSOXhBeVc0ZE5MQkhSQ2hIUk5BQVEzZ3R1dkRmUkdXTF9LZU1OZXpNTkRLWjJn?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek live updates — OpenAI cries foul, Nvidia impact and latest news - Tom's Guide
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMic0FVX3lxTE00dFRTOEozYjI3Tm9XYjFCUldsSW43OW1BMjk5LUFqUmhhbEZqRm55R2UzXy0yMlUzWGtpQkFFQXA1OFJGMWZmU2RvcFpXc01CMHk1SnVQUGJpREpETlBSQm1kVUdISm5Xeno1bmNua2I4YWc?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Moolenaar, Krishnamoorthi Call For Tightening Export Controls on Chips Critical to China's AI Platform DeepSeek and Other Measures to Address its Risks to Americans’ Data and Security - Select Committee on the CCP |
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi1wFBVV95cUxOUTdIZk1pdmVpaW8zNjFKZ0R0emxWbTdMTWFTeEExMkNJeTJBRExIT2J4M2JsUWdDaXVwLWtDM3dCQXJJb043Tkl0SzhLdlZ4dHE4UGZaRlpRTjk3eHpmckI5WlFQNXpBQWxnejVHNnVZaU9jYTNTZ08yVmVlTDRRVHZicXVNUkFBR2Y1OXJFazVVWWh6VWU4bDBHaEJWc0hhdFlLZUhXZkwxd2dTdW55M2pWNVo4M0JDOVlieENyVnc5QzNLZmhWR0ZIdW9FLWlNTGJVWUFucw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

OpenAI finds DeepSeek used its data to train R1 reasoning model - SiliconANGLE News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxQdTNhdFJTSTh4QTVXaXhqNFo3NnNNR2JzMUxpWG1yYkdadFlXcDhKd2ZwY2ppMEVmUVZzQUhWVWw1UG92OWRZT0loUmtLRUs5aVpvaVBfc3p1UUtBeWZuMjQ5bWNtMERvaWFWY0s3U1ZaSVp6cmQxZklNdWdOcWhlNU9EcnZxNmNCU0xnaGY5OVQwX2d3TkhHYQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 20:12:15 GMT

The DeepSeek controversy: Authorities ask where does the data come from and how safe is it? - Malwarebytes Labs
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiywFBVV95cUxNRldCRm9QZWM4QWE5TEl4bWxwaUxqUWpmemVBZDdLSHJXTFJzZVZNakNXMGlSb2lMUElKUUpPaTlrVVFoUmpxWnctMFFsNWl0Z3pxVWUxT2hYLUQyQ3VTTFA4Z25Vb0c2VHRRZXNlZjhFeGhqYWtHc3YwWmZ4Nk9tNFVLWnNaSUhBYkRvYmtVX0NvSmZGZThCRmJsUzdoTmFIelI5SUxDNEdPYUhKdThFckZWZ1hnMWxBUXZQYURsMHlsQW9UM3pxejNGTQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Sensitive DeepSeek data exposed to web, cyber firm says - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiygFBVV95cUxNQlZIaDBoQ2haeU96VEJfSmNIeVFCMS1VZ3ZsMUtfN2JjU0IydnpTZjRrRGZ5LXRCYTNvUjYxQUJQWUxWYVdleTZ3V0JTWDJMejBNV3ZIOGxCUGx1UTdudWR1VVhBS0tXSFdlMC1WeFRPSE90LWtmZi03WkE0cXdXd2pCSjFoMVhCZlBMWHVJN1BMMXJFNlhPR0hOaWtvQVBVOERDUU44WTRaUW9XbkpNYVFvT3BzU3p1Y0VXT05YTlgzWE5MbVFvMDZB?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

OpenAI claims DeepSeek used its model to train cheaper alternative - DatacenterDynamics
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirwFBVV95cUxNRWFVUUdURTVOcHNoQ20yY2ZubnpHSjFwQnNRWk5rNi1qVDVWOHBWTV9HbkNpaklFeVJ6MEhwcEo2VU1WS1lVbFp5dHlHcThYUE9NNnVqNlM0UFpTa3daOHRkX1FrdVZHMXlqaEFsNTk1VTBDZkVLNVFmcVk5OW00WGJncFhvTE1QQmVDYm9vNlY3U0t5bHdubllURnI1a3ZlNENqUExvdUM0LXltSXJj?oc=5
Published: Wed, 29 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Q&A: DeepSeek AI assistant and the future of AI - Penn State University
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihAFBVV95cUxOWGxRcW9fSW9fSHZYdm5oWnJ1MmZkdVRQaXRGQU9xbXRNSWZ0dFdpcGk4N0twaFA1TF81b05LWTZuMWFFZVcwTnloRkFaMEw3WXY5SHpsNk93WnY2YXBpQWJjem8yeE9nWXBXSkJqRlhEN3dkaV9IZ0R1RDJhRHFzd3VmYms?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 06:11:15 GMT

How China created AI model DeepSeek and shocked the world - Nature.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiX0FVX3lxTE9nR09fYmNsbGF3ZmdEU0xZUlRCMkM1XzZpQmhreWt1Ny1IekxJeGNzbXk0Vzc0b0JQYUpleE1QM3FBX1RaalNXZ1F6ajR2U1Q0dDdCUUVsWXhuYkphTVBv?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek is also a design story - Platformer
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihgFBVV95cUxNMklhUDhTUFAzS2F5QUpLRGJwU25EM0VFYzIwRV9WUDI3M1ZPcmozSDdnSjg3aEpKelJfeERoWTlhN0RlckUyTlZweUV5QmRLeHAxdGRHMERESGFRdVJqcUNBX0hzaG1pa0lCWEhPaUctbU5wMHM5OHhjT09GbUdkcWhTMFBodw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 01:05:55 GMT

DeepSeek-R1 models now available on AWS | Amazon Web Services - AWS Blog
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifkFVX3lxTE1rY2hJM1UwODQtOUZxMWN1Y2NYMElnUnlPb05VbDc5R21mRFplRTlsekN2QXYtUU1CQW9RWjJVV0VSSjZYVGhXVlFTZGx5RGFicmtkY2d5Z1hPcnpCVGhMSnBXMHhMNEppNzgxYjJ3UHZZclBvNzl0Vi1aTVB3QQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Wiz researchers find sensitive DeepSeek data exposed to internet - CyberScoop
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMickFVX3lxTE1SWEJaUy1DZW8tYjBXT1pKaC1PYS1SWXc1QXV2LUtxczRQTHRWeWppQ2htY1BrdlRuYm5NeGotdHdyeWJSMVRZelI0Rlc5NlNXeU5Ma2FRM0pWLTcyVnJhTXdnSVdxQWlXcHVqaG1SZS1Tdw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1 Now Live With NVIDIA NIM - NVIDIA Blog
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMia0FVX3lxTE5YcXhUMmp4Vk9aaEJKNExjSlhDWG1icUo1VFFBRWJad2NJUjNXQmlTTnhwTkJ0dXE0NzJEMmlKd2ltWXR5SHZmc0NoZkxwNUp5QTI4UGVEZ09DZTBOZUNJQVpCeEkwOTJva19R?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

I asked DeepSeek and ChatGPT who would win in a fight — one of them had the funniest answer - Windows Central
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMizwFBVV95cUxPNHY4bWVEYWk1UjJoZ0xhUW5Xc0FfTjl0MkZmYlBoVEtHZWJfYk5wSU1NTXp5dnZORUR3a2d1YklsWXBwUUdnVEM2NVdNXzIxTlBVMmhSLTRfT3dKazFzWWJVZ2NaWncyemNDZU1iSWdwcXdpdXkzQXpTVUJEQWVzS3hSd2hiWUhOcXJrblQ2czhPVnFQMllpekJkcVo3QktnZnM5dUI0amJJQ2g5cDc2WVl0NlRUOHRILTl4MjRmZGpkUGwyWkE4TFFXUW5DRW8?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Does China’s DeepSeek Represent a New—and Much Cheaper—Frontier in AI Technology? - Boston University
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijgFBVV95cUxNaUNSR2hwSlFLaDUzUzQ3MVlyYnlxZmZ3X0luUE1HRzJuQnBKOU00bU5pT1E1YWpKbXJvM0NEYTlUSnBrTnVxdVFGVmFMYVRvSkVUTE9UbDcyeWNKWldsR3F5ZElDbDM0ang4em8zWkFJdlJqb25Rd0RrQVRaX25DRnRqVHBVcFN3b2JOTzlR?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Cloud Giants Offer DeepSeek AI, Restricted by Many Orgs, to Devs - Virtualization Review
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisgFBVV95cUxNUDlacUxhQklDZ0xfdkI3a2hpTmRjLXZDQmViT1F6LTRBU0ZseXdIRE15bERKOHhIcFpmTHg2Z216SFpVSXMzUmxFTEZYa3g1eHZUaW9GNUFrejNqY1lkSXYwR0k4Z2c0TlhsLXNhNy1lRFZqQndkOV9pN2IwLVlwYktsaUQ1Q2lYR3hVTVlmWm93ZUVOdnFZVC1sRGNoTlVhM3ExNlk3bnFMSS13T193c2tn?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 19:43:04 GMT

French privacy watchdog to quiz DeepSeek on AI, data protection - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixgFBVV95cUxPOTRvLUd4aDFjSkp2M2NUQndNV1h2ZWxfRmxSMjdsb3VXWVRKUDNOYk5fa3pRNy1jTDB1TmhZZmwxdDY5a3RKSnZnUUdScWZvdGhQbm5KdGpWLUFmMGtSSDU3QjFoU0h0QTR2T0tBWk41eVZBS3pMSFlzSVpkMFI1ZDFLU2VmNzJCdDJILU5kckt6Und1bXVVc05QLXRtSVI1bGpKTF95YVNqQ0tMZGhOZ1N2RHUtZEM5YUVtTGNQV3l0NFBQTXc?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 20:44:18 GMT

AWS Adds DeepSeek’s R1 AI Model To Amazon Bedrock, SageMaker - CRN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilwFBVV95cUxPYnNiNVlLeUo3UXo5MXU1MzFxemRMSlB4QXB4a3BGZ2pTa0dJX2o0bkllWFFZV2Y2ek5iQmx0ZE1tc3JqM3Etd2tSZkFQN1V3dERwcEJkMTR0a3dneVctRk50N0pUWHlkVW4xcUZWNkVPeF9DYlpuTHlpV0VBd2hJb3lGTWZmei1sVTJaOTN4UGxVenAyN0ZV?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 17:44:00 GMT

DeepSeek just taught the AI industry 5 hard lessons - Mashable
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiXEFVX3lxTE9rR2lIaEtLWG9tMGN4U0F3UGNEcW8zTVNza21NTGs2ZVpuUTIxR21DRFE1NWVnQTVMNVZzamp0RlBzbVVhS2VuaXE2MkhyaUg3NjNFaVZwTHp0ckUw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Why DeepSeek’s Surprise Breakthrough Shouldn’t Have Come as a Surprise - The Nation
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihAFBVV95cUxQX3RVa0J4R1doVUhYcTlmSlk3blNaalRuWEJwZVBCalhIZk9MbzBRb0paQVA3SWFZYTMwdmNHMGNzS2FKd2wyME1ocWpQWWNDZlZrOFVnZVlKS3RsWlYxSld5YUNDWC1YNDAya3c2MGQ3cXBpNkp6YWphT3FYem8xblk4WnDSAYwBQVVfeXFMTnlMcXZWT2pZQTl5aTU3MFNTc21VQlFvSjVoVWFETzlQcTk5aDFiWmJrSF9wbXl3MU9wOHBGLWxySzk3WUF4ZW10TGpoRGdkMUMyUDJDUmF6MEU5TGVmTzExbWtnemFxV2x3WHlkMGxkWnV2MUVfSjNWRDl1TjBPR2RQeERfRkYzb2h5czk?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 11:13:28 GMT

Is the DeepSeek Panic Overblown? - TIME
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiY0FVX3lxTE9sb0x3SG9KQkUxaXpFcFA3Wm5ITHhMNy1aRm0zem02MmZRZWtCWWRIcVJXVEtqSG1YVFQ4aXg3RUI2bFZPMGxPbS1Tb3RnSnFnM1daRkxIUGJBc3k4bjVlaDI1TQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s Security Risk Is A Critical Reminder For CIOs - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuAFBVV95cUxQbXNSbzlWc29hck0wTnJ1VU5XZDNlZ3ZCNzRjRm1vckU2QUtYVXJnQnRaRXhfTGtmQjc0eTF0bEhZaklPQTVQMzNyZUdKLTFpakFYWF9iTmZpZDEyRldEbmlTeFNjeHBoejFEYnRMNFFWRzlyMXdpUkhrZFo3VWE0VDFxdmNqekN4RC1uemdVekprdVhVNElMTTVmWmhzbHo0X2p2Qjhrc0EzeTdzYkhrU3pncjYxcGRx?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What is DeepSeek? — everything to know - Tom's Guide
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMickFVX3lxTE53eHpkTUFkZ1R1bGttcGtBRTlhYy1XOXRUamtCVENIX19ybnlna3RjOHVVRTYtTGVtcHdMdEJLeDlUdEczX3hDTmRSSkhsTmRpY1gwaHVlU19iZk5CQllialk1YjUzX0pfMmZxWTZ0aG15UQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How DeepSeek Turned Views On U.S.-China AI Competition Upside Down - Investor's Business Daily
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiswFBVV95cUxNelB4R2FKaTdsTkliS2ExNzVMQnpZVkJacENSSDhydFNFd3FuTXFibDFQRE00WDlYSjVqdXQ1ZHVwTEhjMVN5VDVidllMa0d6TDZBdlk3LXJiTi1uaGNPeXVzRzZMQkZkSG9vVlZ1eDc3VF9qRVBYSjhIMUJNdkRTeDUwbHlnRlRzMm5MVEJaTU1DbTY1b0VfWDVqRGFxX2pUUVhyWXo5a3M4blRIM2JsVThQUQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1 model now available in Amazon Bedrock Marketplace and Amazon SageMaker JumpStart - AWS Blog
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi1gFBVV95cUxQQ2dMN0tOMzdZNmNmNkxFbVlXX0Fiak9oV1VFTUhHTWN0Uk5vTE9oS3c2TU5SRkdVOW5aVEIyM3NSamhEdUhxWkVRTXRISlhkc3BGa0EwcEdfTjBmSEhfOUVFWk1SazhrT1JxcXU1Wm5zQWFLcmJNVGtXTVhGS1k2RDg4N2QyNHdfX3JWaDRVSHNUTVdJX2pqUVRVWmRUSVg4OVdMMFZxNFhPLVVWbXVySU5GQmpGcDJUVUdpTjdwM1JyTkhUeGdNWHdLckstN2Znc0g0UDN3?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Italy's regulator blocks Chinese AI app DeepSeek on data protection - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiwwFBVV95cUxNeFJTYlQwcG9iVXd4bW1udDBZeFlHUFRhNmZpXzFEUmtXYVVkeUJRcUFsenIzRmxqZ2s2TXFSQko5VXFaaGp6VkF3N2o1d296NzBCNjh0U2VoaC1PVXBGQ24zelBubXU3NWwzZzJsY2RSMUhQd05aSkJZeUx1WmxwVkt0NTBhY3Vwc2V3V1NPb2xxZ0pvQ2o3bnpNRVhGZ0ZtelJMdC1SSTBFRGRmY1RuUTdqeVo1V3VNRTduZndxbHQ1TzQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Has More To Offer Beyond Efficiency: Explainable AI - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuwFBVV95cUxPTWRZeHpreEtTWEtZVFZqei1Rb241ZjVnUjlqOXJjZnV1Ty1KamhxQVgxQzM2Q2NKQl85SllQYlNzVWhrZ3ZlRG9nMWQ1ZmktQUNWMUptVU13Y2stV1JBZGFWejNBWVhSR2VVR2tYcFU5ZEVScFlkdy0xNjJwUk9kU09SME1MSDg1amp3a2dieU1Oa1ZmNjFrMDRzcTVpQWpxX1RLUVFlVVRvZUR3S19UMl9PSF90THBsb0lR?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

US IPO market grapples with DeepSeek turmoil - ION Analytics
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilwFBVV95cUxNVmw2VVhmakVfWHhlZndzOF9WVUY1cVAwRkpTNV96T3JfbmhkeW1JU3MyRWRGUmdPMkhXTnNJMTRiX3Z4SE5NMVJvRDdiNFNVTV9sYllPV3pzbmhwMnpFdTJOemEzVm1UWThPdEZkejdENHBNRFlZLUdMbDZMWkZobk54SWlqWGFOWkcyMW5aVFU2VzhDMDBF?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 19:08:56 GMT

DeepSeek Means The End Of Big Data, Not The End Of Nvidia - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxNUFprMkdxRGk4azZ4S0RkTUVyNDZyUGJoZVZ6UlF6UmozYnJpMjNIV1Y1VWxzb200WFliaEdoQUJSa3RNSXVfUU5yUDFYOUdLMVJNUWJyVWY1T0tpa0MxNkxQZ1NobHJya1Q0REZSN3NIOERVR1ZpQTZHc0ZLNTNsVS1jODhSZ0ozX3VNUmxEVUxMVllBSTdqekV6aGw0MVNocVZXYlJBbzZZdw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek database with private data and chat logs was exposed to the internet - Mashable
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiZEFVX3lxTE8yelNleHctYng1WmNLck5fWkhVN2lXcV8xNXRIc0NuNk1mdDhkLXpfSzhQSVl2S2N1QjVQejRQMy1IeDhOd2RuR29RQk1JMmtZQWR0bUs0cjVOMlZQNEpaaHBkTGc?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 14:36:08 GMT

Why DeepSeek Shouldn’t Have Been a Surprise - HBR.org Daily
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidEFVX3lxTE1sdjFRYndpemJYQmhlOUI3YUZWTjZnVEVhNEVGOFpjN0Vpd1M4dWdDUEdWdjdwOENwUFI5SFM3dnVVb3RMWnlNbjNXNjFYcXo1aVU3QjVuN2c5OEZ0a3h1Q0t1ZDNCdmF4bVhZYnAwdXZmZkR2?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Is Not a Good Reason for Big Tech to Become More Powerful - TIME
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMid0FVX3lxTE9FQWJjNFNSVXJZZHZNcGF0RFRISVNydnVEUnI3Ync3U3R2MndhcnZBSXBldWVOQlMzakRRdzFvS01tLUpjVC0yOGNfS050NUdGSW1Vb3BoZUdzaU8wbGtLakV5Tl9FNlRWenpyOHpLWHYtOUw1ZzV3?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI Database Exposed: Over 1 Million Log Lines, Secret Keys Leaked - The Hacker News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMif0FVX3lxTE1LcWNDaWpjMGRQZ1NaN2NPZ2hORnB6RGRPVlloQ200YThXd2Yyck80TXFQbGF5X004Um92aXlvQmtld2JCTF9fRTF2NkhjOTFCS1VuTkwtdTFSVTdkXzlXYVIyVTgtTnEwMnpkTjlrUFFfcHBqeDk3R3BCZFp0UTQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek's AI claims have shaken the world — but not everyone's convinced - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxQNjlmSlVhNzFtaXlJM2RFRF9VbjZhdWY2U0dvMTZzcFFyR2xSNG9Fa1lRSkZKU2hTcDVSQ3owMGtUNS05Wk5hRUw1dXI2d2pyeG1SbV8zUFdzZHI4WUFDLXkybFhhMXEycGtrOThoRkJfRXB0Yi15eGlaOHcwVXFBblBtZlRQSGhsZTBRejdzR3ZiakdQcXJMVW9wOTVWdWVodFdWUGozcVQzZ9IBrwFBVV95cUxNVnlUQVJ6Y0l3ODRtUWMtVDZUbkk3VmJrb0ZmVXc1OWxGT0Z0VEViUENpUUo2b0lFNGFSN3lMUTVQZG9xMkJKcDc2X2c0OXN3RHFlNU1VXzNoVmJzXzJzNmpPeTJRc3k3aDg5M05zeEh2OXJNeUZROGZnRzh1R1d4OXNzaFdrdldNTFVfcjRlUmhyUGRoRGZub3JHa1k3MnNTV3NxMDVmS2JqRFZzWEFV?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What DeepSeek's Technology Could Mean for Tech Stocks | Investing - U.S News & World Report Money
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiigFBVV95cUxPQUQ2eGk4WVZzZ2JDQ3lLWEkwbkJOYW0tSnBPOUxhajJmYlRKT1ZjUGNKQ1k2UUMzV2JMOEI4eExmejVLaTF0eHB5RE9GbXUzS3lva1RoMkRDNHhCb1U5bEZGUGpJVlpQSWxuR1BHQUZJdGszY0MzVjNiRzFwUmhJQVZDZ3NDaFFXUlE?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Scoop: Congress bans staff use of DeepSeek - Axios
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMickFVX3lxTFAzeVEwallodnVWb2lLUGFJdl9lZmx0aXB0R0FUUmF6S2RBWjRGX25lVF8wN0R1cmw4Si1oMlF0dUhIVDJsdGI0Z09BQm11RXZ2UDlqbV9vZER6Y3pxOVFKZTRpclNhZ204MFl0MnBtQjRrZw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

OpenAI now wants to make DeepSeek look like the villain - CNN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxQSnMyRFNfOGdSZ3p3TlkwY3RTQk51UHhFcUxncDZwUjY0Z1QzWWhKa1FfWWtGY2pMdFhTUXNHZlBnZVFxYzVpNEVsaVBfM3lfOVZtNEJkYVBBMXlZeXVCMndRTlBLVzV1RnJ2SVBkaFp4M2h2OUdSSmpUUDF2Y0dxNtIBd0FVX3lxTE5BeGNTdFcyYndFZjZsWEZjX2tZaHhRNG9CVHBaRGV3VTF1UHQyandqRWtORm92NVV5eFVNdDVNc0JVcjkteTg3c0FtNHcwLUdBa28zSFNCcHZrZHZZbkNjLTBCRG9OX1pDYjBSYmhiS0RpX29iYXBZ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Locked Down Public Database Access That Exposed Chat History - TechRepublic
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifkFVX3lxTE90ZFdrWXpKbTcyVDFVWXozMlZOQ2I2ZXRwaFNJMWx2MzBMNTlKaGNhaGpLRS1ablJRZ3RrWHgtOWw1UnV5R1BGQXhlYjFyVk9TRk84THd1YWtLSmpXYmprWXl1aUZZczA0WXVQNHdoWDhfZF9pQ3h4X2RLb0J3dw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Chinese state-linked accounts hyped DeepSeek AI launch ahead of US stock rout, Graphika says - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi3gFBVV95cUxON3M5c1BaMEpyZGtnQXE2WXFYX1BYR1pVRFNZTWY3MEpLS3hnVkNTUTE5VWhVUFk5aWRHd2dnZFJqZ0NRU0Rnc3djVk5faHFCTDk0emRzbWx4TXhBZWE2LUVoTGUweTF3blJHb1lUekZlSzM0VUljNTItTHJxV25IZVJxLTYwVjhiOE9jYy1WUGVJYnYxZWZrVU9zTWxUWEZlNXNPVlE3WFZNUXN0UjJQOXdRZUVNWWZIWFNSSVVOMHVwc2ZoMmF1ZnpvRm9WQVNtcVEyZnRNYkxuS25lM2c?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Has Taught AI Startups a Lesson Automakers Learned Years Ago - WIRED
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilgFBVV95cUxPYXhnN0NRc2NjV3ptNDNzS2JjWG1HOHUxVXdfU2hNVEh3Ql9PR29DWGU1YlhBQUtpZHhxb2JhM1Zwd2Z3dzZRbkNPelpUR1ltR1oyamhjdlEwQU5PMGRLT2xzWFk0eVF3eXFBcUVuVnI2N0hob2VYTFNqZnUyT1EyU3BDNVZLZUtpSWdNaXhMOTdTWHMtUFE?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Deepseek Freakout, Skild Robotics Raises $500 Million, Eleven Labs AI $250 Million - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiywFBVV95cUxPdFA4UGp0OEQ3QnJ2TzE0YzQtOWp5bEFTRUJNbHEtY0JuQTdZcFE3UlUzVWIyR3ZHQUp3ZEVqZEZDZ3o4bnFNLTNFLWVXYTh3alplTXpDT0E2WVJhcncwbFZHNm9aUDNWZ1YwWmpJNVdZUkRfdTZXZXZSY0RnRmQ1VWpkWEZDemNCS1FhUW84ZWNXeFNydXZrLVdVYXkyQWVoNFd6ZGJGeVFnQ19KYjVBZE5VdnpmVlU4STQxbEtyRGFNU0h6QXpSUER3aw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek leaks one million sensitive records in a major data breach - CSO Online
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitAFBVV95cUxOcll2Mkg2eElDUVZhLWVQRWZCcHRKcGRoWFB1TkxuY2lyRkJjOGlKb0xGZXAwTVFtZTV5WXhHUmRBUkdUbllJSlpwWWlaS3Fkd25BZnJacjRhTUZ3SkZlRGl1UVhjZHRVdk0wanJqUWFJM2RRTHdMQVlpbWlVbU5mZTZZRU1CV1pqSWZiRUxFcWVPM1JPdzVkeEUtbnNlcC1saEtfcXJ2RHhoblNnaERoQ0dxSFQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Italy blocks access to the Chinese AI application DeepSeek to protect users’ data - The Associated Press
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiswFBVV95cUxPYk03Y3luSExUVzNlaEFCc3Nxa1VpVEdncEpRNkxWYkx6NkZwbjRPMlNkTkVUT2hKb1d0XzYtaE5qa0p6bzQ1Q2N6aGs1RHdXel9zakx2RWQ3bGdaYWhnQmdGRFA2MTlpXzdUNWJmX255Z1pqVlN3X2VKZXl0eHFVVC0yNzVoSlRzQTYwRFRfMzBOTWdCOVp4aHdkWGpmUUNRVjVpb04tZG1TV1BjT0NhWjBqTQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What does DeepSeek mean for AI's environmental impact? - DW (English)
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilwFBVV95cUxPTjRlc2dSZXlCMjI3VklqSEFXWTVNd1FuWEYxTFBtemc4alhGTjB2QXJNcXRJamIySEExcTgyQzdxUEo4cy1QMWtiblRuVkZta0ZlZldMbUhVYnhSN2FSNXYxOS1HeUw0TnBLLUZSX3RuWUFGakE1YlRHdWhabXFIa2FGMUVialpEWjBTS0hKd01jRG9WRWVz0gGXAUFVX3lxTFBNaFhxTXd2RVQ0dFRWa2M4a1A0UDdLZmZFV3lfMmhaaFBJbm51eS0ydzJmemdjdF9QQnZlRURUYTZqS3RyR0hPRXNmam01cmhlZEotTmZnWTZVTnFPb2loVDJOTTRoRDFkOEloRXB6RGJ3M2pOUUlYRGE1M0RiajF6T0FsWmdaT25yNTlBM2FPQzNFTnZTSE0?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Experts say the surprising success of DeepSeek is a ‘validation of Apple Intelligence’ - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiAFBVV95cUxORGZBdDVNUDZGbXNkYjJYZWhCRDZaSUx4eGZTdHV6djV6RlRSaWFGeTUtNjFpZ3FLWGhTQXNEeFpsck5OYl9kZ0J6eTM3WHZORmxPY0FqYjJ3VkhFazFBZG9KWDE5MDVTeDd6MFBkOUd5aE9DVldVQ01KTlRHVFdSNnFTQndMRkcy?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What DeepSeek means for the AI race - The Economist
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiAFBVV95cUxQTnc1aVlxZUNSX05xNjl4ODVDR2tianJzbHN3WjhDRGhzUXJBVkdBZXBXdFRndlN6Qi1lakQ4M2dhNlR3QmdmYmpIT2U3dWVNcWFtenZfcWMzNVZkRUdtOHJNMWFXaDRBSnhNdXVneFpHSllJd2ZlMi1Ta082emNuallKY1VZZk1K?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Microsoft, Meta back big AI spending despite DeepSeek's low costs - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi4AFBVV95cUxPdkRGZFR1NmdNUTdibExsU2ZBTWh4eE1fWWl2NkF1bmowUWNzbGN1RTUydFhWMTVKN0kwQk1oOGZCbU5yT1RWMnlxamtVYWxSek9HTDBlOG05YjkwWHpQOC1zbXJEVFFjTlo5bG1KRVFEMS1ObS0xdDQ3UXJyVXZlZlZHUzNTQlp4bS1vWHJrWmRON1VrM083dXFSalh1VGpmaGxHTUs2enc0c2lHM094NUlfUVJtUkx3TVd5Wm4zODdWRnRUYVhMNmpHSHd3Z1VMSV91Q0hpNHMxdmJUSG1BNg?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Did DeepSeek Copy Off Of OpenAI? And What Is Distillation? - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirAFBVV95cUxOSEVOb3NuWnRkcHg2alplZjgzaUl2WHlZMFFVclNKbGg2WWt0QlBKZ1Z6N1l4Wm56Tm9NYnZ4aTNad0NBSEdRT3dEc093cC04aEg5bmY2LW1sbzE4QjFDblNBWlJKRnptazRFVlYzbDFIVE5oN0pTM0FiYVhFZTJPOEZPSlVmd0hobUI2RjlxTkxjMFBEYVhha05tZTlJRnBjOVFtUnBwYi1KMjl4?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Microsoft, AWS and Cerebras launch DeepSeek-R1 model - TechTarget
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisgFBVV95cUxQYWJEanljemQ3dnJUUFJUal9Oam9kWnptVGo4TEZjeVNLSUEtMVB1Nk5CVS1JUG82SnNSMUJENVVNSFhhZldyTlhpV3JGVVI3c1Q1YkFSV2R5RURPa2xFRFRNc0tCbmJFdkliellFTTQ1MnRTLVhsTVJ0OWI5RkR6YkkzMERrcmVCYUxjTjZfcDAySlJfZ0RDallaVTRaUlVPYlE0Z1MzQ2kybHJhWmgwd1pB?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

India IT minister praises DeepSeek's low-cost AI, compares it with own investment approach - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixAFBVV95cUxQQS1nMWNqdFVnSWtmMDJKSGczYlctQ09pbkYtNkZlVlJGbDNRd04waC1HOWhvYjN5NnNLY3FyREdNNnI2VlptMXVOam52YmM0SHNrQ0VzRkZ5ZkNPYmgzZXZHVzVWT1F2WG1oc0NzM0UxSUg5UUpzV3hfaUtUc3AybmJPSHBzTFRjSHFLbDlqcUZIUzV6Z0dTSXNfb1Bwc0RuRHFDbHprWkZwVG5OY0l0bkh6UTNwVU1IUHhjMmt0QVlBdW1Q?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 18:55:03 GMT

Moolenaar, Krishnamoorthi Call For Tightening Export Controls on Chips Critical to China's AI Platform DeepSeek and Other Measures to Address its Risks to Americans’ Data and Security - Select Committee on the CCP |
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi1wFBVV95cUxOUTdIZk1pdmVpaW8zNjFKZ0R0emxWbTdMTWFTeEExMkNJeTJBRExIT2J4M2JsUWdDaXVwLWtDM3dCQXJJb043Tkl0SzhLdlZ4dHE4UGZaRlpRTjk3eHpmckI5WlFQNXpBQWxnejVHNnVZaU9jYTNTZ08yVmVlTDRRVHZicXVNUkFBR2Y1OXJFazVVWWh6VWU4bDBHaEJWc0hhdFlLZUhXZkwxd2dTdW55M2pWNVo4M0JDOVlieENyVnc5QzNLZmhWR0ZIdW9FLWlNTGJVWUFucw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Unprotected DeepSeek Database Exposed Chats, Other Sensitive Information - SecurityWeek
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimwFBVV95cUxON2tlODg0TFZ2WWdCaGFsMWZuM3ZTengweGZxa3pMVjVqRkJKbFpVMFZKRmxaZWJzUzRZbmRDTTRmMWFva0NHTWhaS01Od0Vpc2Npc2ZUN1R5RVBnZUlmZU0yeE8tRDlxcFBRQ00zZjY3U21WUGxjSTFTSno0OFU5NXowelJkcTlGbVE3MnM5RlQ0Rzc0Z0FRNmN6a9IBoAFBVV95cUxOWmxmQ3A0dlpQRk4xZGRxYkkwZEsweDBCRWV0X3IxNHhrSGZ4VXFxU3Nuazdoa0tpanM5SF8yMHF0TWdSWE5yQjBQZDhCWUZIbDNHRWNtZDJCUnNtNmlqYVg0NGtjY3REVnR5UHlPY0h2ZGZEdE54eXpSSFNBSUtJVnhVQTFqTzdndENhY2FWTFRHTjhNWEJjLXRtSmJHSmFM?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 00:53:15 GMT

The DeepSeek controversy: Authorities ask where does the data come from and how safe is it? - Malwarebytes Labs
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiywFBVV95cUxNRldCRm9QZWM4QWE5TEl4bWxwaUxqUWpmemVBZDdLSHJXTFJzZVZNakNXMGlSb2lMUElKUUpPaTlrVVFoUmpxWnctMFFsNWl0Z3pxVWUxT2hYLUQyQ3VTTFA4Z25Vb0c2VHRRZXNlZjhFeGhqYWtHc3YwWmZ4Nk9tNFVLWnNaSUhBYkRvYmtVX0NvSmZGZThCRmJsUzdoTmFIelI5SUxDNEdPYUhKdThFckZWZ1hnMWxBUXZQYURsMHlsQW9UM3pxejNGTQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What DeepSeek’s AI Innovation Means For Investors And Big Tech - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiugFBVV95cUxQclNSdkNhSkllUnJjSUxXSUNLbjV4ZkVBN2xxOGdqdHJKdVJFVzlHclg1TnZmanY4ZlFnaG5iMnQwOEFpR25CejlPbFBkRDQ4NjEwUTAzc2I0MVRvNnVPYzg2YUt4d3R2S05KWkpJOUVTaGVrRDU2bnVRdEpCc2c4cVVmaWFObVYyOUdvRGgwNEctQ3dZcXFwU20xT2Nncm0wYk9SODVIQjBQdkxyc0tMclc5WEJQNXBXOEE?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Cerebras Launches World's Fastest DeepSeek R1 Distill Llama 70B Inference - Business Wire
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiyAFBVV95cUxNeTJDUzhESHRZS2pDYm5uQmc1VXRMTHVJcW45M0JjSFJjVUF5dnh0c2pNYjhCT0QtejB5QmxwMjZKV0FhNTZYMmxCS1k3VTRRQkN6QTVYRDlpdXdBb1ZaSTNsWnRTSm1pMWo2d3pjNzh3VlpXaUFGT0VEUXVnYVNUc2t4WHhwaExxODlEWnc4czFiZ182TTZ3bVR6ZzRuckN6UzFZbWFZS2xadGFHOTE2M01lQW9ZUDJIbEN3Nnp6d2JaaHhlc1NOcQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 17:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek is no game: The dangers of China’s new AI - EL PAÍS USA
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipAFBVV95cUxQMGpvZGlUOXhSX3JudEhreDNDeDRGVm9IT0lLT0hYVmNfOXA2S2o4TExubGpDUXRTZVd1SHNKNVFVaXF5eWtnRkVrOTJPdmNiZTE5LU1yeUdnX1JscHFfTktvbUs3QzkzVDdzR00xTk9yTGlqdHlTMDE1Wl80dFJoVlN0VHh5cVBNYThJMkZSTEV6UExUdmQ5RHMyTHdsdFFvTmNRQtIBuAFBVV95cUxNczFFRzAxWF9kSjJyNElLY1ZCR0NWWHVTYkRuUHh5WGlJUTVwRnZJd2JlLThZem1xUlBKN1VOMlV2ZEJlbGs1YWhHRU0xcEpGM2d2b19Yc2Q0bGFaV1hNMENpa19oTG8wTEx4enZETDdEZlZDZmJrMTJmQ1FpaXJlNXQ2N1V2S3Z1dWczV1Z1ZC1WUGxuYzNZeFJWTkRDOWJ2UUdzU2JMUmJyVFJNRFpGU2lsb1FYSG9E?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Snowflake CEO: DeepSeek is the real deal, and other OpenAI rivals are coming - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivAFBVV95cUxObUQxc1dkenhycU5LbHdiVEhKdHlKTTU5R05aZUZWNzJEUUxFeGlDMVJUY0xPanNWVlN6eU1MRVB1RGJZLWsyT3F3MlU2T2IwOTN0TXNrekVWX1FnV2NtTEFoU0lyczVmN0JkTTVxc083dVZOczNSY0YxWVprQWpuUGdteTBQNzd1TkVrNjA5d0l1TjFqZXZsX3BWNFRoMnB2MWhPMHprRFVJQkY0bXk4UmxWLU14S1FvQUlwOQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 13:32:55 GMT

DeepSeek: What Happened and What Are Possible Implications? - LPL Financial
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinAFBVV95cUxNSERseHpkbkZZb3E0blFQNDgtUG1FRnVacmxXWVJJRjJ0TjVHdDBUR21LMlFCZjFmRlBqWk1OMnNoeEt4R3h4VnBkRzNQTWR1dXNja0haT1BfSG0yUHU4ZmhmenpHRTZzWmhiVXdkb2NZVk1Lb3BybWRMWUJKZVg5SXh3VEJWbHBkYW1vNmh2eVNqZVdWdXRvaDJ1dmI?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 18:26:24 GMT

Pentagon Staff Used DeepSeek’s Chatbot for Days Before Block - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiswFBVV95cUxNZUdFQ09CckwtTUdra3B1UTNCWUtCVHBhSGJTY1N4ZzlWSTBObE5YLU1uYlF0V2FCbmtEZ1YxU2NrM3kyaVJtRHJQbTN5dXR2TEtkOGFQdjJ1MV9UQ0RybGdvRGhvTFRRSjlWenIwdzBTU3Zqb3FNQi1jSm9hVXJkbzl3SXE2NGFJT3ByUlZtQzJTWW1qSms4Q0Rycjd5elNhQUtfczRqR1hsakZ1UHlMYlZYMA?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Guess who left a database wide open, exposing chat logs, API keys, and more? Yup, DeepSeek - The Register
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidkFVX3lxTFBrU3MxekR0WTNhUmFCOUwxY21lTDVtVDJ1Ym5VOUZsbTFtSFFFY2VuTVJneVM4cUlJTVllRzVseUlwTUtldGtKWl9BbHNDUTEwcjRNMVBuREFONEQ0LTdNQ1pRR1hmRUF1Z21WQ08wMm1mdUhMS0HSAXtBVV95cUxOdFRLYjV6YWFLVnhJWTQ5WTJwYlZRMDl4QzBYQjQ0aDdNbENYTmV6bnVES0FNT0xvZFFtUXVaUm9HWGx6MzNtTllGMG5kc3JNbnZlMkpGRDVNQVcxTU9oX0hJeGItT0ptNk85TFlLOWo1VE1ENUxXRjdqcjA?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Is Here to Stay as Microsoft, Perplexity Integrate Its Model - PCMag
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimwFBVV95cUxOcFN5NEtqalBOSGhVODNpQjhmQWQ2NjVMbnlKYmhwTUwtV3N1VHZpaDNES09mMlRaNGxvWVZicW5Wek1WMTFsWXN4enFVUFFZOU9HNHlkX0ZyVXNCay1icVlRX1poSzdxRnc3dzdWMm5Ib20yWWFDdS1SeHFDek40NC1OTFJfM0FwM2xNUnpNdDlHdTcwQjI0WkxmSQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s ‘Thinking’ Exposes The AI’s Ethical Boundaries - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxOdVRrejRlb0JWWnJQVm9HSV9WenYxQldMUEVzanVYM2RKdlAtbnFyRVNXang2T1NWYlRfQ3BTRVhxRXJIVmY5S3ZIYjBZNUZ6cE1aci1PZEhpV29SVjBMRF9fTkhJZjFzbkpIcEJoNzhPbUMxeTRhdUJ5QmQxNURGU2QxYVlyYmxtY1JmN09QMmpoSlQyOURNRllGazdBQUg0QXd5Mkh6bzJFbEE?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek exposes database with over 1 million chat records - BleepingComputer
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxOYTg0eHR0UEFKS3prT3Z6TnV5ZjNvY3RsNllldHdwcmU5VWF0dU9QWUZweDU4RzdCX3Bxd3RFM1pGM2dQbWNoQ3RNYW1DSHBDdUI0VEpubEQxRUQweXBJWkd6WDZWZDVEWTZQZ1VqVk5teGIzQ0gyUXE0N3dhTjNtSXh1Q0cyMGcwem9Ma3ZIcng1Sjh4UU8xcEp3WE44QnFaeVcxNTJfbjRaQdIBrwFBVV95cUxOR2FYRUp3enBNUDktdFV6MHJwdnJGck9rN2s2ZVA5VTlLYnNaRU9BMEZjeEtHNkJTTkpKbUR2N0poSDBMSGdpeTRnVlZia1hwOHN2eEllaGNRRXpXa0hfVWZuTTN0OGE5a0JhMEZtcW1zLV9hVzVBblRzczIzNUE0OUJMV0R4UXVVXzBXaV9uby1DdGtRNGxnNjZNNFJHaEFjNWxqSmppMkhRTjdsNVRv?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China’s DeepSeek AI is full of misinformation and can be tricked into generating bomb instructions, researchers warn - Yahoo! Voices
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihgFBVV95cUxPbmRIY0RqcUJPTEFsSTlibTVkdEY3UTFsS3Q4RVpDVTBVTElvRFd0cFBVN1Zmanh4dU5hZ3RsLVNEb2pqQzBjd3F1enlMeWpGaHVSMjh6REdBWnh0ZnJueGxZM1p6czBUX1RXRVlqY0VPVllRRk1FTFlheEg4WjNZUGNlcEdKdw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek database left user data, chat histories exposed for anyone to see - The Verge
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiAFBVV95cUxQQ2U3LXlmTzhyOVFoc1NkSEs2bDg5bHJaX2lfbzFyTXFocWhoalNDZUpXZ1ZVT1NOS3NqeGJHc1VHRk5ZWkFsUWZ5R19oRXVtWGRZSFRNZlpRQVVxLVR2dzNsLW5hT0lfT2xnd0JFandwZk1YZDFJS0xYRW9rUVZGWEpoeWhja3pq?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Cerebras becomes the world’s fastest host for DeepSeek R1, outpacing Nvidia GPUs by 57x - VentureBeat
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiswFBVV95cUxNZ3VIb2JQc194NWI0TVExSEw2YVFUb291QWs5RHdBU2pyZTFuX3NSckxiTUFfbFRlZWR5Vmo0REZvcDExWHNtOEFaYkFKekNYRXA1S2NtRnNRVVhmZG5KNGhXckpwUmhub3UzYWE1X2tWeW51YmVQZUVTbHZJMDhYUnU4NGZHSlFmVXlJcjF5cVBiZDhVLXNFSnBYTVEwb3FvcUU2bWE3aGJBRTJUcWhKcG50Zw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

US retail investors dive into tech stocks in response to DeepSeek selloff - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivAFBVV95cUxQNnBvcThiZFVvdkdXZlEwbHViVmk2THBTai1hQTYtZm5waXVGaWFvQTQtNTM1dnFOV1NkcDhUMS1reVA2c1MwVS00QVF0R25Ma1E3eExqOTRtYWxLTjZPUURsMzI5bmNPc2RLb2xoV096OFg5Nm5DSElkSlNQbW5tWWs2YWFaaHkzcXgyaTZGTWhaajE2X01qS1pvbVU2OG9PcmRrcFZWZzVwNHJIRlJfUlJzRF9RUldZczZZTQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 22:04:14 GMT

Wiz reveals DeepSeek database exposed API keys, chat history - TechTarget
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiugFBVV95cUxNNTNPWjNVMTRqRHFnMnNnRS1kdmxXT3pxSkpURW92d2dHYk4xM3U3V0NSc3l1cjNacF9RR20xQW9pSFJzOUpuMHV4d3JteUx0MXY3cGlnM29HTTdFRGJkdkFGelFfVlNVdXVsbjU2ZWRVdnk0aXJIWm5XakVadF9xT19Bb2llZ2dDeHctdWowTXpxQnJLOHdiZXR6ZnVLMWZTS1ptSWNVWXR0cEJGM1BuZlVWbGd6VHNaeEE?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Report: DeepSeek’s chat histories and internal data were publicly exposed - Ars Technica
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiswFBVV95cUxNYkdwTEhYUXpDdkY5NVpicGpfb3RfeThIb2VEUVd2QjNxTkJ1Q0ZZZjFqRFV2YlowYm9INUpPSno5NGp5QksyTnZGUFMxaWtUUm5WSE5fcFl1QVctUURqVGpPa1UwQk16RENubzV6RlZMU0I4NWoyamwtck5wdkYxaWJ3NjVla3UwamRmTXRGVHpQUjJVcGNSUDFHTkNSemJnNTJpNllxYXBPUjFIZ0sxX3o5Yw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 19:49:25 GMT

How DeepSeek changed Silicon Valley’s AI landscape - TechCrunch
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijAFBVV95cUxOV3lmTmo1Y1ROYm1ISURrNURHd3R4UjhWWDhRcGo3ZEkzV0pEc0NwNkRra1dYT2NIc0tlNU5HVUE0WHdWcHUyQS12U3lTQk1qRmtwYWtXTmhlclBZVi1yNVZ1NUUzc3JNaVNpbEhrOFJmSHQxb1VBYTlkZ1lTWmxSZm1FZkhDUzVmOVdGYg?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 17:00:00 GMT

How DeepSeek and next-generation AI agents could erode value of language models - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipgFBVV95cUxQZEdqVjJNVHpONHhjYVE3NDlidW1tckNJc3pBcnJCZ0FmanA2UjhCNVktR1RzNlB5YldLQUlpVHZWRnR0MlpMUEpJcVlZdDNfaFYtX1V2NVpocHdhVzJDS0ZoRzFkNjFtZWp0U09PWmVyRHhoVExKRFNQclBlOVMzdG1WOVpEcE10ZW1zUDR2S2Y0YXVQQ2l1b1h1dElrXzhTQkdlN3l30gGrAUFVX3lxTE1jMmFvNXc5bHlydEExb3lfOUNXb24xVy03anFQTWlNNGFlOWNhUXNadU9KRy16VWZRUFo5NGktQXhRajBOZGhGbHRFZ1ZqSzAtT1ZYV3hQTnpzQnVhV05zUW1TTEZrRHJxSmd6WDdfUTk5czc4cWVzaW9IRGlwLWtYMEx0YkExc1pxekxMTEdfMjA4MkFtWFU2QjhUdkNMQTd5V1BldGN5TUVkUQ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 06:13:41 GMT

Allen Institute for AI challenges DeepSeek on key benchmarks with big new open-source AI model - GeekWire
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiwwFBVV95cUxOb0VLOXJ3dVZJMGFxWkdCcHd1UTIxUzUwbkd4cmNiQ1p4cGRzN0hOdTZMMXdDTlRGQmY1dWxKX0RuelF0MWR5MVBncXdIa0p3QTNwWnNWWFNGSEtUTUczLXFMSXZQY05WaGY4RDdTVmxmaFV5Y01TeWxySHNBSzdLcmFZZHFScFplcHRsUmxiY3ctNzEwLXV6NXEtR3BEZG9YdDE0U25BSkt6MkhOOWdUa1duWFVDWHpNalY3Z2UxN1hCWDg?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Resource-poor Japan was girding for an AI energy surge. DeepSeek raised the stakes. - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiwwFBVV95cUxOeXVGdXhXOHFuZkE3TGIzOFVnVkVDbnhXQm9aeXFTUEhLQl93NDNnVHhPazhmVGRnMjg4ZkJ6bHlxRnRNVHdLOVlQYmJVXzNjemZ5RENKRGxvdWR6RHo0bUsyempFanVzWmxidWp3dm9qWTlkdC1CWHNVTk9wZi15ZnVtbGZlY2dCZW9BS3M0cVM3NjZCdHdBdTRrMDZ4VE9RX3piUHRlbVFpR3JNVHpqbjZ2cjI2dVBleDhfVU5XZVl5Y2c?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek just insisted it's ChatGPT, and I think that's all the proof I need - Yahoo! Voices
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihAFBVV95cUxPY0x3azB4eXJPaWQteW5BbGFORXUtbWZFQ1RCVnFfV2p3X0ctT01MWWdlSGxMMGFwZGNEODZMLUtNZXBlZjNSQ3FRNTlVYkVLRm1DZ3laTlRVUW5YSl8wSGdmc3F3YW9GUEZiOHVSQUs4eVdraFNza2xCcVlCTHdBNEVkU3A?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 16:14:49 GMT

DeepSeek, Stargate, and the new AI arms race - The Verge
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxNNDM0aGtwTWNqbFlmcEkxTnBaV3VFaDZRc3M3U3VmMERYd3NRSi1DY2JaWUpGN3BUYktpOUVLN19IZG1ySVlueC16ZEVJMGdRYXpjdDU4YUtBVmpPUVVDXzgzemtlZ0RCNGk2SjVRSm5QcW9MWEpLVHFDdDk4LWgtcHVqXzNtX2g3UU1kM0NQTk1IUXk2YThkVUlIbjZDWDg3QXc?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Probed by US Over Possible Nvidia Chip Purchases - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuAFBVV95cUxPemFDWldCb3NLa24zdXpmNDRISVpZZ3J1RjVGd2phazEzbWdtZDRLdWphUVUwX2tuWlRUVnhGLVdPdE1HY3J6a1oyQzJKdGRjZUZRSklySXY3cm0tcFhSWURMVTBvTjNWWG81SlRkQm1Fa1FHTGNYVjJQVzZmdjFac2NYek94Ul9NREp0NTVNbmhrcHRQdVo1b0g4MTZpUGxFeldSWXNMNUxhLWR1anBEWjJZZllhQ3VS?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s AI Restricted by ‘Hundreds’ of Companies in Days - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisgFBVV95cUxNN1BFdHBLN2dkcWpDRnRpYkFmTGtoTjduLXZ1ZnRJMDJuMEtiOXp5MHZWZmNTZkI5TGJyZkNib3YtZEM2dW5ialBhLTk1YkZTTkFsSWtXeXVLcFd3N0oyZ2dvZzJwRXBKU01XcmNFbzI5UUFycG83STkzZnlBUElJQ2ZvaUUzM3FpSHgxd3MzdHozX05CYWJSZ0I0S3V6Mml4MW5Kdm50MXFQRXh4SnZud0R3?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 19:55:01 GMT

IBM's CEO touted DeepSeek AI as a validation of his strategy in a post-earnings victory lap as shares surge 12% - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqAFBVV95cUxPWjZUVEVjX0puYWhCMUFjbFZiNFdFZnNGUktHanlmZWtIeHZYcmtHRl9SeUVRcUtFMmgyeWNBR0JyNkUybmZJZlZ1SlhiaHprQkwtS3FPRTRMRHc0T3B5ZDA2aGs1UVFzVUNlVUx1N3ZUTHhJWElXa0RaQkVvNHFDWnYxTFE1dzhMblM0UTdoUWUzWHY0d3FSa2pPUEp0VTVQc3JscnRNSko?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek now runs on largest AI chip ever to deliver out-of-this world inference performance and I can't wait to try it. - TechRadar
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi3gFBVV95cUxObXFTTm5UbFlJb3ZiY0F3QmYtNzdiNDRjWktpOXEwV2Zuc2RRNzFsaThNRU9kRUgyUTM5Q1V1N3pNSFZORVZDQkZVOEMzZlVOV0FLcEZaQTI3S01oWlRPRWVJQXZuYm1hWG9USlctT05MZ05vWVZsT3BvVW5vRFNybmZWQVcyYldnVElHTi1nNjVodnF0LUVOTzAzMVhXd3ZDcVhWbG1Hb25jZnkyNzNmbzlmbDJkaVBHeXV3ZzV2bEZfMUl2Y1U5YU9VaV9ZZ0tLc25JVkxuUmEySGVOR0E?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Blackstone Still Bullish on A.I. Data Centers Despite DeepSeek - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikgFBVV95cUxOYzdGOXUwTHYwVUJ3THpIcmJ1Zkl1V01meUUyeThKNHBzcTYyeVJVdVR5TFVwQUR2bTBxSmFSclR5WmpvWjV1bzlZSGlpMEpDY0kxM3l1RFBfcmx6ZVVCRTJhaWQxM2dpNXRibHF6RG9Oczc4NkpjaDdKZmdpZ3lDcVlCY0dleUJDZERVd3BDVk15UQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

With DeepSeek, China innovates and the US imitates - Financial Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMicEFVX3lxTE9hTFp5cXoteGI4dGhsdk1md0VjZHU5SDA4eW9uODFVMnlDOFl4NHR2MlpCOVBhMUZoOXVPMzEzUkxUalgwdDdTTVotX3NhdGpra3J1bDd3MXJyREo3dW9YYzU0ZmtXb3NRZVpJcGpzMTQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

The Take: How did China’s DeepSeek outsmart ChatGPT? - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimgFBVV95cUxOTkdFVWhxbnM5R1pSUkpLTzYteExfeUp6eWVtcVg0WGtNTDNvZVNxMGxHZzUxcGFoSDVFVmQwVW8wcURGLUlKc25SNUtIU3JDamx3S1dYald1dVlZd19RYVJPNm0yYW9QTnZRWGh6amVJRGZxQ0dpWVhIblFjaUFoelozRmNudXhtejBhS0U0T1RPRkllSllwR1R3?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 05:19:37 GMT

In surprise move Microsoft announces DeepSeek R1 is coming to CoPilot+ PCs – here’s how to get it - TechRadar
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi6AFBVV95cUxPYlpIQjZSSUZKSDFoZFpzOENFbjlvcWJDX1ByMGdpR0JwMWk1bExaREVIY2VZNnZwcHBzYl9hOXNBOHhldS1nZG90RzdVYVFHaWNTRERqd3NCWXZEc0RyNUd0RjdSYm9WeEZWM09qeE8zUG9DNmU4eUs2Y1pHUmFiS21DQTBTa0luanlZQ3ZGS1NlTWd4cmhteGdyb1lSZTFYZVhBRG42eWFWdnhfeUI0SnVldlNXZDRzcUdEWHU3WGV6RzFXdjlkTktMZDFQQlpXeHFjZXJFVmpfX1U5TDdyUWxKS3VrbnNE?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s Chatbot Works Like Its U.S. Rivals—Until You Ask About Tiananmen - The Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiekFVX3lxTE4yWVVkdlRQbFNHX1VFQzFJbHFpdDFmWGsydENxcnJodGV6RnpBQVJPSWxMY1ZHQmZLcnp0WGhBdWxhQjJmOVlCa01Sb2ptNVZrT2VocDZLcWJNTjVTREZSY2lJa2hlb3ZJUnJTUlVtZS1tekxQMnNRVnVn?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Nvidia Chip Flow to China Should be Throttled Post-DeepSeek, U.S. Lawmakers Say - The Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitgFBVV95cUxPajgxUW5iWTJ0cjU3MkNKcGRhRUVVeXBmdmdLWmUwU3RRWnVMcnFUN2R0MGtTMUpUZzlTZTBjOWNrSkpidDh0T0xwR1MyT0hFXzhIRjEwQWh4YmZrMzZiNGVtR21PVTZSQ2ZOYmZ2akpqeHZIOGMtQXZrTGV5ZnBBNF93NkYyUGtBVXhldWFDNWszbGpvQld3a0lSbTZOZTcwaE9ydG1xQzNPMHZvZlJxT0JDWnF6Zw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 23:42:00 GMT

1 Super Semiconductor ETF to Buy in the Wake of the DeepSeek Sell-Off - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilwFBVV95cUxQR2pPV1V0RXctZV91NHpEUVBiUkY0Z1FIS2pTTFVBaVhwLWMySmQ2TXdzOFVuUGJZYU10WTdqeUpHendPZnk3TF9FT0l0T051LXFjcXdLLXFiZW56ODB1SWVrYzB0TXVzcTBPUFJJQWJGblFoRkJDYmlxYVdmdVprUlVwYlVYczI4b1B5RHdraTFfWXdDZzBN?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Apple CEO says DeepSeek shows ‘innovation that drives efficiency’ - TechCrunch
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinwFBVV95cUxQZVZ5VUNhT1Znc2Y4WU1iSWswa05ISF9IUHpXaEZsbl84V2x6THBiXzYtOGlldXRmRlBmOWh2QmhHRDZNX3Jxb1lGUklDTUtzUFBMQ2ZjR3dWNWlTTGFWVXlZZlc3bDN2TThPZ0g3aGoydmlYdHp0c3FqRnBoNFJISGZ0bXBrRGdyVjFNNzBuQ1I5dFlWNWNuRW92VXp1a0E?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Ai2 releases Tülu 3, a fully open-source model that bests DeepSeek v3, GPT-4o with novel post-training approach - VentureBeat
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi0wFBVV95cUxQNEpkUXVwSnJ1VUVEOXlCbjVWS0Q4ZXNoYVRLMEE3VXg2UkJJQ0JGaVMyTjZGdThkMU93bTY0UmhlLVoySFhENGdGLUtuaF9mYXVFZG10M0Jwa3hvdzU5M19vUE5uSEUzMklTeHdyeUw0Zmd1TEtmaW5MZHNhUV81dHRjaTRYNmRWMEQycWJvZmRueW43eG96VFVUeHpvdlUwT3lta0RKaWVONEcwNFp3c0htT0VxdzNEN2c2am5nbXFTVGtTLWk3VkJHZUJ4M1FaenF3?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Opinion: Retired, or nearing retirement? The DeepSeek scare should be a wake-up call. - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitwFBVV95cUxNV3I5ZUU4NUdDWGRxMEpOUWxHV0ZCVU45b2NZc1FmNEZuRUFEakVVYThfVW9zYkx0ZjFNVWdpOUNNMF94OGVIdTY5Q0J0X0VxbHp0MUFXMWtvUTRuMzJtcWFfTUVCUnJ5R2NFb1MyUTR2UDktaENqUVdqbVE0R2hZZ09FMC00OV9WRTRkUUpyY21IbU81S0ZqTFdzZFVyQU1ydktGaUw3QmN3MmNqMmhlbEh6TUE2Szg?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek exposed internal database containing chat histories and sensitive data - TechCrunch
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitAFBVV95cUxNYVdOWkdNeUVIdVRDYTBDMkRqb3dzUVpQX0swWTR5WGh2bnBZVlFFdW9IQ2VrRUZBWGJ4cGt2YXU1MmpEX1d1ZlRldzV0U2RmSWk2Y2RuSEtBSThCaDhJU2tJam13MU9DVWFRM2c3UGpFTzNKTFFoRXphcHNucXRIcUVWX3FtNnJ5Z19md0tTRXIwdHhLdWF2bEtKUzN3cmxycV8zSkJlMjl3Zk5DQ0hGZmlCZkE?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 13:05:37 GMT

New DeepSeek Warning — Do You Need To Delete Your iPhone, Android App? - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiugFBVV95cUxQT2dnd2gydzJwX2o4Q0t1cWJhY1BlcFlmdWZuTlNPOVVxM092UVY1VF9EdnRaaXZVRG1HMTZId2RKVklqbTE2QU96cDF5RWRiOC1hTHZvaWZLVnJLWVJ1djhFSEl4c3Z0NHNzTnhZNTh3VW5Gb1VNNW83RmN2N3h3M0Z0ZS1HeWtORUhSTkhyOC1Hb00wMlJTN2tyTXpNSDFVRFZlOWRWY2JBNC1hM3ctLXRHelYyUHE5UGc?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Breach Roundup: DeepSeek Leaked Sensitive Data - BankInfoSecurity.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijwFBVV95cUxOTTc4YlRDMEk2UzA3b1NMZW5HcWpUNS0xTnRMQ3AzR2wtamFZM3ZVMFJsR2FxdC11UTRjMXhyNWppbV92VnVNMktBeU5zTXcza0lnZm5xV2w1cG9Ja29SYXdQU2xKa2tJS21jcjJmRmRnajI2OTIzRGxmUVgtVzNBRHhRcXdFQUdjY0NvOFZObw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 18:44:23 GMT

A.I. Giants Double Down on Spending, Even as DeepSeek Looms - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxNOUotZlU2Nmtpb21vNXlraXpEd1AxX0w0NENlaENzVFFweTlmcDRZSjlQU21BTmVCWW1ROWZjOXZubEo0QkJJOXg5MXczOXhzck0wVHFWajRpQTlYVHdhTG5Ha3lLVm5wR1YtSEMtb29Pb0pwNzBaTm9uSGFVTElWYVBreE4wUkFTVmlzVEswVGxXNnB6Xy1YSA?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

I tested ChatGPT vs DeepSeek with 10 prompts — here’s the surprising winner - Tom's Guide
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxPcmJmNUtsTmFjRjZwV2V5NEtsamVlZDE1dXI4TEtOcHU4V0NTRHZXamNqc0x4cTYya3JhU19kb29hamdwdUxPOFZESHNtVjFkR3VIZDI5aVdiQ0w4U3lVcGJHLWlVTmdTSy1GODdrWV9McFBiSF9jb2hzWE9KM2dBaG5NY095MnV1dW1NbjdHbWYtc2VUbVpPc1Q1d0lxbElXNkE?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Blackstone defends data center investment vision, but admits it's watching DeepSeek concerns "very closely" - DatacenterDynamics
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi4AFBVV95cUxPVjFJd2VYVlpEWC11Y01JTW9MeGFlcmQ1T1NXanRZTlRWRzhZRGt1eWs5NkdIRFBzY2FUME14UElVMFYtbElNX0lxOF9wTlFNNTNxOGlBWVdldDNsOEtDc1l2WV9YUFppZzd1MnN2a3JhX2h0ZU9SS1JfNVQ2YlJobHI4bHpNTWNMaVoteGtQMUR1RXNnckFUY1NaaGxJZWlad05mUmJUMW9TaC1XWV9oTGsxNkhIenE4VS1KSzhteF9qa0tZdVBaYWRob0pZRHVxTXgyN0FHRzlFbWdiVmxhNA?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Cyberattack on DeepSeek started in US: Chinese state media - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Microsoft just announced that it's bringing DeepSeek R1 models to Windows 11 Copilot+ PCs - Tom's Guide
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitwFBVV95cUxPTG1Bb1FhbExwb21wNHVnWlBrbHhidmxrZUtuYTNFNGlyMnZ5dGQzQlY4X2I3V1ZVX3BTeEF4TnUwRUlISVlKWkFzN1pITFd6b2RMZXJYdzRJaEc5S1BpLVo2Y0ZfV1h2eDJxbm9HQmN1MlpsV01fQ05zOHRUSVd2T1NOcF9JdktrZV9HV08wNzRZYmYyclBkejRLSks4ZHo0aUZXUnhHYXNrcXlOeGNKbzQwWnZ3QU0?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Creates Buying Opportunity for Nvidia Stock - io-fund.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisAFBVV95cUxQTlVZY0Q5TEJSNXVNUDRYbDJqV294T09KeWI5TW1WSmIwUWlROUNHUXJQMV90Sml3WnZtMWRlZDJ4dHp1clMybXQydmNwbkhLZHRqaHVJZk9ub05MUE4xd2R0YU1QaGFnTlpZcmF0UkI3clJmamZwdFhLZDNMV3J3NGlKUnJCTWdVV0Nsdy10R29mVzJBc3Q4M1VaM19sRVBrU0tlQUZhWW4xc1JqQXVRWQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

No, DeepSeek isn’t America’s AI Sputnik moment - The Hill
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiekFVX3lxTFB4QzhsUGJLSHFfWENsSXdROEpyUmdCZmh0amtVTlZDTEZ1dkc4eXl0Vks4Q2dDZU5PRXNUcjRWc25uTnZXUmFxRkhBTjFHaW81emtLeTR2UUNfbnFxYkZ3cFZzc1FWMzF0NklqMFU5bkJDVnE1UjBXVFFB0gF_QVVfeXFMUFFIVENDcXdRSDg5c0tkQkhlNDdwSEZpVzRYYjNMQXNsR1hWQkZ0Q3RScDN0d3dNMmZpYXB2WFJuc2E4cHVWa09CQjlIYWNBZTBGcHBacVpXWXVvbE5rbGh3Q2MzUnVqQ2RBdGtVOG1pYmIycXpBd2tXQ0I3YVFnWQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

ABB CEO sees growth in data centre business despite rise of DeepSeek - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirgFBVV95cUxPd0hrWnJjZEhscXNwS2tSY0s5Ylp3S0wtYXBSMEpZdUc5ZlN5dVdsQkV3MUt0OEh6U0F5U2djdmtfTDZPaTh4U21Nc3Q5NkZub3FUZmhiTExLQ05YekszYXB2N2pmLUpvUzBHbE15QkprQWRLYWRHdTZDU1ROamNVUkxIMWZCM2tVQUtMeDZUdnJsNDNiMEJVMWJUSHpTaUkwN1NGdjZiTkdwRVp3Y0E?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Recent Jailbreaks Demonstrate Emerging Threat to DeepSeek - Unit 42
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxPUWF0c1kwQXJpbF9CZnV6T3pId1FhcXN2WUlMd3lRVXZCa2d6bjRwQUxfMW9HaUd2empSaDhHZ1A3R0VxdXVidDdkWENrdkZzeEdGZ1RUdUtJd0NKdzBjVEVxWjdELXVtTmFnQkl5NkN2M1A5dVNsWHBVZzM3Q3Nqbg?oc=5
Published: Thu, 30 Jan 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How scammers are exploiting DeepSeek's rise - We Live Security
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiigFBVV95cUxQOS1KSXphTGZXcUxVSDNLUHRFMzFNaEVfSG8xQUV0QnlkOE5IdkdWMDN0MnJ2R2U0WTU1aVRRNEpaUXFwR3Q0ZlYzTUhaVXdfQ0Q2NnVneS04TDlleHNCNTBUb084bHhPYlEtbU9sVm9UaUxoVElxVmRRZjA5bXFId25Qa3VZYjYzRWc?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 02:48:45 GMT

DeepSeek: Making Sense of the Reaction—and Overreaction - Council on Foreign Relations
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxNZktfU1F0dk5mT1k2d3V1dExoUjEwS3lCQUxIak9XQ2JWOWNHNS1XczR1ek5jM1BYSVl2N3ZPcXlQMDFlenFNV1NkMGlLV013TEtlaERiOVpGS1NDdERmNkhpWXRDZ051YVlUcTNvSjc0eHNvd2dDRnN4QTRFNnlaeg?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 19:34:02 GMT

I tested DeepSeek against domestic AI chatbots to see if Nvidia is screwed - SFGATE
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihgFBVV95cUxPLVRIRUpvRFlkLUNCWmxjMUI4bVYyWk9hQTc0THpxcUg0UkJ5cjFfQ2NqaFpaeXJ2Q1ExU3ZiSktCQ2dYeWZPV2NtZHdPUkRZSDdXa0RfNFdYY2cxQXB2NXJOQ3A4LXFYVE1zWDBydWY0U0loTTdyQndFTjlxWXVSMl83VV9Hdw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 12:11:33 GMT

US looking into whether DeepSeek used restricted AI chips, source says - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitwFBVV95cUxQT2o1ZFJLeDNYU082cXRLeVZpTEptN2xCT1RtZ0lNVGc4S0d6Q05uR1ZmaWZHalBpc3RGS0RrYVlMOVN3U0JYM2I5cVBrMXQzU0F3ZVZWYVVsMTRHSUlTUF9NaERLSlM5eklVcEdUdHJaMURsRVFRaWxVVjdjLTRoU0pSME9EdHpiUm9LOThCbWpoQVRRTVVXOFA1N3FRMllHc1pQdE1JYVk4M2ZBYnZaaG54aHZacU0?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 07:57:00 GMT

Accelerate DeepSeek Reasoning Models With NVIDIA GeForce RTX 50 Series AI PCs - NVIDIA Blog
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiYkFVX3lxTFBHMUFheHBkNEVyeU9lZ2gta3M4ZENEQkNxTnNXa2IwakFBOElnZ1d0ck55QUhiRFJSM0ZuUWxET3h6UEpfczNpSG5KWUVBWE5mdmpyakNudE1rczBhcnV4VnRR?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 17:03:05 GMT

What DeepSeek Means for Open-Source AI - IEEE Spectrum
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiSkFVX3lxTE04YTBlbGVrSGxzUzVSMzZqcGNYWklQWmVpZDdzXzh1RG5mZHczZGtEMkxxQlBubVBxaFYtMGhqMC11TWNneGxuV3Rn0gFeQVVfeXFMTjk4U29kSmVVdTlxU0JMdm4wRjB5WHhoeEk4Ul9DS19HdWVtMGNhTmhlUGd1WlpmSUFOcU0xMG5TS25EU3c0RzhEREl5cjItTkpXOVVYWEN1NHRnRUI5QQ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 12:14:34 GMT

What is DeepSeek AI? (Features, OpenAI Comparison, & More) - Exploding Topics
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiV0FVX3lxTE91Qm5xcmJJel9ZdFRFdWg5YUk0UEJDajZRVGdJZVlZUWxhQUxubDFmVG1TNUx5eW5GanZPVDVxRGtxeEZVRHhIQl9GNHd4WmlyX2trcjNiQQ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 14:05:20 GMT

DeepSeek: Everything you need to know about the AI chatbot app - TechCrunch
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinAFBVV95cUxNcGNHM090ellwdGNHeVlRQTJCczlFM0FyZDVUZ2dlTHhRTTFvVjdtcGFxNllyYmtmSjk3aUZHbFdkUmFMNU1tcURUMDFnZXFLVXVRUmoxdUdvVk0wMUxNc3dPZ3JrUHhsdW5RYTJHYTZvY2ZsWlZXRnNLem00QjItX1ZOck5Jb2s2VnY1X2NKa2VlS1pNMUgxdWlxUjA?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 18:12:09 GMT

Why DeepSeek Is a Gift to the American People - Andreessen Horowitz
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMicEFVX3lxTE1XRE00czRjSUdwX0VEMkxCblVObUZIVWpzM0JYbFZlNUxEVE1aUC1jRWFWOGk5ZlFfb3FFcUhXTUMxRVRFRWd1b1pSNHlMM0dCczdLT1YwSzFMNzliVjRZNXRZaUZOcUJLS2VWZ3JUNkQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 02:56:48 GMT

Load Growth Irrational Exuberance Crashes into DeepSeek - Kleinman Center for Energy Policy
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqAFBVV95cUxPeFQ0VjBGbUFzOTJJUHVFckwzVkc2MTI3b3NTNU5IbFhhZ3JfcFZrckxTN3JydE1ZWFRLakZrOE5uajNfWnNrcndsbDFTZHUxQzUxTWd5eE9lVER3LVpheTNjVW05RmMxX2F6eVl4M2JiSGVWblkxWUdvbUxoSm1SWUdyeGdBeUF6UXQxNmlzRzZkQUIxcEpRTHVHcGpoNmp4d3A1dC1BWGY?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 16:04:40 GMT

DeepSeek Deep Dive + Hands-On With Operator + Hot Mess Express! - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTFB1clpHeXV1VUg0SngzbU9NdFpBbURmaWFtM0lYczdVa0xsMVkyTGtkdFlXbXB4RHhIaW1tR0VxWm1ndExvWmpXTkQ0aEQ5Tm1Ma3ZubE9mMFRDVzFPdUEtX09xRll4N3BHQ2dnd1RvQ1VuWS1FTDRKZFpxeGM?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 12:00:05 GMT

A busy stock market week bookended by DeepSeek and Trump tariffs, by the numbers - The Associated Press
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinwFBVV95cUxNZTlkeGRYRUZQd3VSbE5nbldwUTNVRWEwc0NvWVZUQkIxRzdmYVNsUTFWaHNIaTBkR0RQb1F2Ql9YazZjLXdjT2lLRGdkVjJLUERkejI4aWVWZ0pLSGg4eFJJbHVTY25SYUk2bkpGVllkUndldTRybk1UZ051Qm44bm55T3JsS1RNWDdGMHJ4amFzeE9Xd0c3Z1hDVTBQbms?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 22:23:00 GMT

How DeepSeek stacks up - Axios
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiekFVX3lxTE9DRE9RWUtVZGRxNnp6Q1h4SktxeVV1VWEzOXVQNU45dWhYaEVtU0NRVG1FRFFCczRGUVU4eW1QS0J3QTRsbi1uYk01VHNxWThLZi1nbnJydmFLS1BRX2haaXhtOFlHeGhvNjhiMWtwWmI0QjhIUHMyYU53?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 09:01:43 GMT

DeepSeek AI Models Vulnerable to JailBreaking - BankInfoSecurity.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijwFBVV95cUxNM2p3cndMTUpiRk1ncUI2VUpoOGNpVTBuZzY5b1hXR2pxbHAzc09ET2xESGRFaUNpdE1XeUFDOTEzY3B2TEFvOFJLMG4wZWN1RkNlTjBWWktvSnlYUEJwR0k2bzFoUnBQOVUyZHQyMTY3d0RJT21IWnNSXzluc3M3RzAzbS1FTGp5SkpqeHpwOA?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 22:32:19 GMT

Andrew Ng: DeepSeek-R1 and the Future of Generative AI - HPCwire
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilgFBVV95cUxPcmNMVUNPb2wyUWJUdEtIVWFxc1ZRbVBJRUxiS0lwT1JJYnU3OXBQWjJiSUdJQW1yM1NQcUVUV3FvUkZIcFRKOW14SnF1WWplMFFXcWlUWnBHdmFYc3RCZnJwWXoyVXI4Rk9mYzQyYWllR1ZEVF9FNmxTX0xfVm5rRjlzRDJUNjdKMl9JOUs5dTRSZEg4Vmc?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 20:09:53 GMT

DeepSeek vs. ChatGPT fuels debate over AI building blocks - VOA Asia
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimwFBVV95cUxQNHZBTW1JQTIwbUNwaGpReU10Z2lRTWdxX25ZNGN0dE1RZjdTMF9YaXBwclpiRjdxLXZEenRObjB3ajdXaHJnblZMTGVSLWJ5UnFua0thVGJNOFVzOVR0WG9kMmJ2OTNGUlpaVEJPVnZpZk1xM3dITmZqOUZ5amtJMGNMdFE2eHBPMncwWll0LS05bmNSaUtaQXBMQdIBngFBVV95cUxObGVWRGM5cmRiTEhUeERseE9qSVY4N0tWVGR5Tjg4MTNFOGtqYkozdFBudWhlNmdudzJFaWtzS0ZwR2ZLMTNCNUM1bDhkV0FaTjVidlJaLU5tdGszQ3dZRE1fcWRuWGQyUmRhdk9GWWYtTjczeWJGOW03YjlNU1ZGVkJrckttMEhNall3R2RjVjlOMk8tSlp1c0FNLWtadw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 10:52:21 GMT

DeepSeek-R1 AI Model 11x More Likely to Generate Harmful Content, Security Research Finds - GlobeNewswire
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi8gFBVV95cUxPRUdTWUlhdFY4UW41TDFrbHZNa1ZnQjJMU3pTMzZubFZXRGtGSHdzSjBRQ3g1ZFRkUjVaYXp6dlNJNC11c2VwbTZ3MklreENQc0FSaHRoM2pIaVlkdTNtT0RPX3FMZDZNQUgwRm9MZUtTTVRNeEtuZEFuNlJBY0s4MG5qa2dkQjUxdGwyakFEdUVyRFQtZnFIVEY2M1NzSEkzRDNPLXE4OVFfNkVJMWhLalJZNm9Hb1FHRXpGSkxrbGFGMmM0ZmMtbHVlcXJHbk5ZbEljbm1iR1pnNFpSZjJHN2Q1Yl9JQ0VxVWFIbkVyX0l2UQ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 14:00:53 GMT

Taiwan says government departments should not use DeepSeek, citing security concerns - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi3gFBVV95cUxPajVTc2doMDA3N3NlcW56bVUzUmJmVS1EcVZrc1E4Tmg3SDMwa0c2TVRwRFBoVnBhNl9kMU0wTU5JeDBVbVZTbVRDbExJU2hoQ0t1bXE0dkZSWHBkMWFTZTlyaGF0RTluZ0tQY251QjFITGFOcmtrVzlTZGwwN2NkRjNGYkVkR3lLVGVxeHAwRGxnenhVR2preFhrUlBBWGZMVUJ1bTRtTjctcUIzUzhSQUlWOFVKcmwteXFCdWo1Sm1LNGQ2d2JBVHNiaFJTZjlHLVdsX1AwSmRKSTJsYUE?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 10:04:05 GMT

Public DeepSeek AI database exposes API keys and other user data - ZDNet
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimwFBVV95cUxNemN1Q1VmQlluTURMcG5DQ2JUZ01QTW4tUTU1SGQ2ZGVlOG5HN0h4enBRcFZndVFQSTUzWDVlRl9SZGwtZnFtUDVjTGJfd0lwRUNUODVfN01NbEdOU0JlRHdWc0lVR3d0QVFMbXVxcGpZd25DNUpCR0VZejFKTG93eEc3MUFSbURuLXRkYkk4QndJTElCekpUV29jcw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 14:09:00 GMT

Nvidia unveils preview of DeepSeek-R1 NIM microservice - CIO
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimwFBVV95cUxPQ1ByRDljelJCaVdxdUhKQUNmS25OMUo5akR0YmJhb0daUHhpQ01PbElLX1A3ZUViekpXU1J4ZzVPSlF6aUh6TWpCTVlzWDFlSHlCRnNGd2V1TGJkaGhLSzZNdnNsRmRGN1ZlanNqTFktV3lzT1IxUGNfSFR4OVQtYUw1RGJyTThaUnV6VmhRTURxSFhKLThPTWt6aw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 17:03:45 GMT

Italy Bans Chinese DeepSeek AI Over Data Privacy and Ethical Concerns - The Hacker News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMif0FVX3lxTE5WRU9VTmZLLVd1N1hXMXlEeVIxdHlHbXZQbDBkX1diQXRsMWNhN2FLbjZCYThWeVBwUV80a2VxWEFobEtZcVRYS0hVdDZKT2dKRGF4Y05KcEgtV1dQMm9jVldfbjlrT2NDYWR3VEI5UnpMZ0h4M1RDOUVJTlBiWUE?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 11:04:00 GMT

Dutch privacy watchdog to launch investigation into China's DeepSeek AI - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi1AFBVV95cUxQTnhscGIxZS0wOFBieHlfdmZCTXFzMkhwbDNQXzZqbXhZTnNhbHlJQkJLcUtOb3NaM09HTFdBblN1d01VeTlyUFdwZ05kX1FTUGJJMXNfcnpwRXpBU19UeTBHRDhodEFOYkRXcVNTelMwSVl3dWthX1BDU2JfdGtZelU1VEhQcDE0eDV5X1pWRm5PQl83emVVaUMwUnRjdWg0NTlrR3V4aXV2SS1JTXJDX2FSdVVlaFpnakltTmtZM2U2MW50ZlR0YXJWaWM0dndVS1pzNQ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 20:54:42 GMT

DeepSeek API, chat log exposure a ‘rookie’ cyber error - ComputerWeekly.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMingFBVV95cUxQMXhKOTU1ajFkYmlsd2dMbUJQbzctcU9UYUpkQ1UtUGVzZ2EwSkFRS2g2amJZQWNzeTVFMU5yS1NCVm1UaVZqLWl5VEpOeDc2c0JnMk1KaE5yRXFnWThFRkU4cUNhSkRWLWloVUxFd1dldTVIdU1nUGpUTzN5WWVLcGdkQmJqM05lMXlJb3dwejdIN0FkZHdsTDIzd1FiUQ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 17:17:17 GMT

Why DeepSeek Is Great for AI and HPC and Maybe No Big Deal for Data Centers - Data Center Frontier
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi1AFBVV95cUxOdG1QMmMtV3R4TUVqTGtheHdmVVZfYUdDaS1DczQ2bjIzZWh3UXZneVE1UEIwTE1RMEVWYmZIRXVhZkplT2FMd1UxY0Y1TFljbDJPeDl4eERLUkZxOEFOdVBYOHhLdjkxTi1qeVRhd0JoeVc3Qnp4NklFaE5iVWZWcmFRSlNzM1J1YW9jc3B2UXFMbm12VzZLcGE3ZkxHMFpySS1TcTFKRHJKWXdmREhLOWhvSVU2d1N2QVRuZzBOTE9YUy15cTRWcmFBQ0I5V1FHQm5rTQ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 14:33:07 GMT

DeepSeek Is Cracking the ‘Black Box’ of Corporate AI Wide Open - Popular Mechanics
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTE01ZXRDaUNSOGlwTXNRdHA1R09vMXVTWWtKX2VJbjRFaVI2QVpoWHc4eFdyWkJJS3dOUGpNeUp5MHBrZXNsbmNWbDlpRG1YY3lCMVRzVWRUaW4tYkppN3B6UlpIOVBJZWhCV0xhLWpfWlFUM1U5Vm1udkNYVko?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 21:45:00 GMT

You’re wrong about DeepSeek - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimwFBVV95cUxQWTVHa1FyaUhaUjFLM2FrODdya0g0b3d0ZFpDeHV0aG9rdE1tel9wVTlQdkM2R3h0T0Y1RHZhVmFnTERRcnJsbWgyMWYzVjFHcDlNeTlTZ3lqRl95aXI0bnNPN1hkUjVLSE02T2hvVXEyNmh3QmRXRVJYSFlTMWEzeW12bTJHcW1QOS1TT0hVRTRiY3pKLTk1SnhYZw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 13:30:00 GMT

How DeepSeek ripped up the AI playbook—and why everyone’s going to follow its lead - MIT Technology Review
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 16:28:17 GMT

DeepSeek’s Answers Include Chinese Propaganda, Researchers Say - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihAFBVV95cUxPMEpodzlqVnROUXNGNDdUNjJQUVdOSG1FdFVhQlZXMEQ5MXJkMXNWZVRPQnVobkFwejlKMENONmlpWHZCZFFqMzN5NF9kTnltcFFQMkRFTEdRMVJRQ3lSY3o3N0tJT0Y2TnZIWWpUbDNGTHNSeURLZjJLd2ZuclIxWWdtY3c?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 16:13:33 GMT

DeepSeek might not be such good news for energy after all - MIT Technology Review
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 21:13:38 GMT

DeepSeek AI skyrockets in popularity; Alibaba and ChatGPT launch new AI models - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimgFBVV95cUxOX1JBZDZQYkJzal80V2lFbTFPVS1Cd21IM2V0TDRlbllWckl5TmNlVTFvb2JSWjRTb1NDRXFrbTB5LUkyaFo3bG1mQlkxVWgxRXhJY2xISXhRXy1Ca1FFRlNuVFZiOWtqT1FXZEt2V0Y3aGV0UDhhaUxTZVBwMDhnMEVWc05GY0ZjTEtnWlJuMXgxQjVWM080aEVB?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 21:45:47 GMT

DeepSeek’s Chatbot Has an Important Message - The Atlantic
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijgFBVV95cUxOMGNjOG9yUTd2Y0hHUHNiS3liRmhTdVRyMlM2MkVxNG9aS3VYVS15UGc0WXdxX1FrbFVaZTlWYUR4R1ZSdjFqdDVxbWxGeFJuUzV3bVRqQnNwc3ZQZHdiLXl1VkZjLWdjc3JSQWZTNTZycVZRdzR3RHlUX09naG9YTVBDSlBaT1Y5YlgzYUVB?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 12:46:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI Disrupts Industry with Low-Cost, High-Performance Model - Channel Insider
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxOaVpXVlN0ak9Zc0VPem92TEtHZU11Z1BqdzVDT2MwSi1CUUkzWHhPQk9xOHJHcjd5cEdoM1h6TDMtXzdaS1hyZFBuSHBfX3B4anYwOV9kU3I5bE8zYTlYMUhsWFl4dzNrUTFOWm05T0luRkYyUzZUc2xVcGQwd3RoNTU2VExMNXdsRXdJ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 16:07:59 GMT

What Is DeepSeek? Everything to Know About the New Chinese AI Tool - CNET
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitAFBVV95cUxPQThUd2JJbGtOemJUeE9wZVhlcGduV25vaHFkc0l1cWdUYXRxaWwxaDRsWVJ1UU5NcXNVUkZpODBPZ1AtYmpNSC1PbWVjQU0xQmNudGlzaDBDVGpRUm0wa1cyZjZhRldNUGJuZGVhYVNDTjBFVUZoUVlQaC1TcUE3UlJOUEZsSmhTX3VnNDhLUDViRE5tZm1kX1E2V1g4dGtwUk5JVTdvbTIzN3o3Y2E0NEN3TFQ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 17:16:00 GMT

What questions will China's DeepSeek not answer? - DW (English)
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihgFBVV95cUxOUVBBaENiX1NCQWlnSVF5MEEtVEh1UWlXc2xZUDU1N0FyYVNiZ0lvdkt4eTROZlFjU0RxWEdLdWxwTkxPRnZoWEZCVTFjWTJ2VF84X2hFQWpFaDRvbnBrRnNERXRvNXdZQU1IaUhzeUlKbGlHbWNuRDNOVXlhM0xQNUc4R2RjUdIBhgFBVV95cUxNcWZibXpNZU5BTDZLSGdESzhpV3BoelVTWHdqUVgxcFdvSjVoV3Vtb3dxSGt1TW9NM1pqUnI3aFhiWHlRVWRqQ3JtUVVQRS16VHg3WnoxbkEtYkVqdjJPZmpzZFB2bXBnRnhEcGJRSTBKTHlfRXhURHV5Z3VwMFlSOHp3eC1GZw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 15:00:00 GMT

Europe's tech sector sees silver lining in DeepSeek's AI shake up - RFI English
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiugFBVV95cUxNU1EzNnV2dUdYVTR0RU9hUnFpN25OZmtQd0xUc2t3eGdhTDd0THhFR0FwbnJmeUprYTU2UkZDdEdtOVFxeW1GU0FQNFhtaEh2NHVxQ0FSZUVoQWtDRXJLTW1hUnVNdnE3SC1oVkU5MGM4ZF95UGpycDR1X0wtb3hha3Fjd0VydWQ1NGNMdWlDX1ZUY1RrZjFpYVBmN0Z6NjEwNGMwZmd3bW5Ba3NCa1RjVWdSZ0h0c3V2WFE?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 07:29:55 GMT

Researchers say DeepSeek left sensitive information exposed, including users' chat histories - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijwFBVV95cUxQeVU5WXJGU1hSV3BGNTZSSjF0Qk1SQnZiNi1jczdTQmNNb0UwME9VcFJ0ZVhJb1BIRXkyOGduLXlNczFXOVpVR0NZa3BUdTNFVGgtbXZjWDFPeTVwNm9WdXJ1MmJDSUx3S0paQWozaVFoZU8wZkpIWXRLWnlMZFFZX1RvTlJHVHlHTV9GcnVMSQ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 17:12:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s Flagship AI Model Under Fire for Security Vulnerabilities - Infosecurity Magazine
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMickFVX3lxTE9aLXNYQjBrZTlBWWd5Q1Z0WGl0LVRUeC1SQ1R2aG5aWGJ3czY1R01HcGdLVHF5MXdjWUxnZ2JDc3pfbFRMdDN5bDdnUlN5a2lXdFo3azFpdWVrd3VPdkVIOG91S2k0M20tZElTVEp3TTFUdw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 10:37:00 GMT

Beyond benchmarks: How DeepSeek-R1 and o1 perform on real-world tasks - VentureBeat
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinAFBVV95cUxQaGtObk80ZDVlNldNZ1FUZjhmNzZLWHVxZ1dHdTJ3c0Z3bmlHbGppckxhWTFBUF9iUk56SXROaVEzSWJaMGo1U05iR1BsMGNaa0thdW1Kcy0zX2xPdkZnRUx2SDdkVjU2djMtQm5KTnVQaXE5U2JFZ29uNEk3WHZYVjhIWlYxZm9vamt2dm1heExiYVVwa2hCbUdKdkQ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 19:53:58 GMT

Italy blocks Chinese AI tool DeepSeek over privacy concerns - The Record from Recorded Future News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxNRFA2UVNDS2NxbXh1LWtVQmk1WE9ldXUtbVZwM1o5dGJESEN4M2pCS1pTaWVmUGRHMzZlVU1ya1JyZjJvVmN5cVpIZ2JzTV9DY2RSVXJQNzFBeXMzSWZILWhyRUZoOTVjSHhOT2lmQUlCMWlFdVFicnFXeldPWGpONVdhYU83UzFPZnhz?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 17:17:36 GMT

What Is DeepSeek and How Should It Change How You Invest in AI? - Investopedia
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiakFVX3lxTE12eGVFa3cyOTZGbnBqazBYODVfbkxMaEpWMlVHRTVyS1FqMGJpSC1QUTJveEo1Wi1lQjQ5X1VETGFaNjBkbEdsdnhLVWo2QlFMWHZJZTZOTlA2aW1CUkprc2h5QndUQUR6X2c?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 21:13:06 GMT

DeepSeek's hardware spend could be as high as $500 million, new report estimates - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxPLXd1bUNIMUNzSXRCYmhsTW5HT2xNMFpJN1E0Smxzcl9mX3Fsc2lyOF9DTUkxaGdKWU5vTEc5el9jTklnSm9GWVVOTnlDTFdhTkNad3BvZHFDeDRidDB6Q0JCNUdhZmFPaVZpY2NIVEtWRHl6OW5CMVpGMVNWZTZNNWxqcGhRazU0eUtOZ1FJTVhJY1Utb3Itd2M3TjJDMlFRN2fSAacBQVVfeXFMTUdlZzhjTGFpb2t6U0lkU3h4OUx0UGVhSkZlUC1Pc2JZTFJFeW4yakdZeFV4eXh4Rlpsbm5NZzNxYVJTTzhKazdLTmVrZlN4UHY3c2Z6LTBYNmVaMTJNVXFaVXA2QWgxcTdJWnFPeDVkQk9fNUhCV2xtakVUOW9MNWNZWlRIYzVSX0dWSExFSGpyMmtqb0JuWDF0US1NQ21aY2cxaXZhamM?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 20:18:30 GMT

DeepSeek means companies need to consider AI investment more carefully - The Register
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibkFVX3lxTFBVVmRqSl9hUUZYWV9wTlgwQWU2QnJGMTVZUFFBMW1zcWY5eDZRYVlCRkZoTVJnUVgzcVNQQm9NeWNqVmdYYXdFYUM2eGhnVnJXS185Y2JTTGlqWDNyNUtCcFhDNXpnTHVYZ0wwalNn0gFzQVVfeXFMTm5GMS1xc3g5cUJ5M092YXdJVlNjcTZ3OHljZFIzeGJ1QUEtcGRSM2Z5TFpHeG54eGVXNHM3YUgxWndla0J6dkRVYjVLR1E1SzZXdTZsYXFWcXdaRkRHcG1Wa0VZcHJTaE1uV3B6bnhVU25tQQ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 15:33:00 GMT

Texas Gov. Greg Abbott bans DeepSeek, RedNote and other Chinese-backed AI platforms - Austin American-Statesman
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMizgFBVV95cUxPVjdDTVVhY2dJdEV0TkdTT0daV1JiOVNLQmlWM2YyN0VEbFBTODBLc0hDS2o0OGlHa29lNU9kYWxEeWw0aW1HSTFxVVBIbDhKRHc2emlGRlY2U0JaZ0s1cnJ3UWJKb3dpNWJha1RndkFteXpOZWw2aFlRNGVOSXdCRnBZUkxCYUxsbVd1VkJ1eElTTkdES054blFoY2NhamhUbFJZczlVd1lSSDJMT0pNM2k1TEk2RUl2S1lxdFlHek05ZThRci1qejcwandRQQ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 20:06:43 GMT

Blackstone holds firm on data center investments despite DeepSeek turmoil - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi2AFBVV95cUxQMTNzSmVBRUJtX05iWWxfTG44eEFvSnp1Nk14cFZfaDhDUUE2LWthek9XaTBtVER4LUwwd0w5dXJzcy1ud2RrWkFTOXQ0V3BabVZuaEhoOTJNbWs0c2ZsYmpDaFVKYkJHZERQVHAyVWZDN1FnTHZqaGVleTZpb2lPSDV3YzFCdFJaUUJ6cUhCZDVxQ0x3VzhTWGx4WFYxaFNlbF83aG5Eb3p5N3Y2Y2Z6ZmJDN2RZNTI5MDFidnBPSkpoNXZqRDFHenZGQTlDWEJZRmdxSDJpRGk?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 15:47:25 GMT

Why is DeepSeek such a game-changer? Scientists explain how the AI models work and why they were so cheap to build. - Livescience.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiAJBVV95cUxNeURuRVZGblpRbFVwVzhrandSQVFLVjN4RnpCc3dtTzJlLU5sa01VbENQUmN6cEJLaFp0R1A1VkpVdnNONFpIX0gtNmZ6VHlJb2VHX25ueWtPeGdtQlBJMG15ZFF0dE1DOV9jTlRiM0x5QzBramxVbXNxbmhEQ1ZyQkN0Nmoya0phMWZVdlB6blBLaGZrd3N1VDJ6LUptWWFPNmR4aUk2dWtrVmtNRGpqek5oeEZsYVVuNHNHeE4zc0VpeVBDTlpZOXlsLURKTWs1OEVQaS1xQlNSeVlyYTRmdmVvNGlKVTNfTHhyaU1wTXg0eTk3SmQxLXVUZUNwbTkxUF84R1dlWW0?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 21:28:43 GMT

DeepSeek Isn't the Only Low-Cost AI Startup. Here's What It Means for OpenAI and Nvidia. - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilwFBVV95cUxQWTljdE1Bdy1NWGJPUV8xUWRTeWpLM3h2UERqa3czR0hGcnpjQXFRN2daV1VtejB4T0lRRmFUcnFmUklZX2JvWFJnWDBNTVl4dFVSUU1sdDcxa1ZKWklnaXJwQzkzTW5MMnJhTVdoTEo3TnZOcW9RdGgteUhDc2tvZF9za3d3TUNUWEF2MHpySTZ5bmFGaHg0?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 11:27:00 GMT

Amazon execs are boasting about their AI strategy amid the DeepSeek R1 frenzy - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiAFBVV95cUxNcjJLYVU3MXBBc1B6MkR1UEE0ZnQwMktPTnItNnBlRXo5T1p5WWxOZ3owSkI3eTRKdVF1N2psbGpuSlhVVnhWbWE2Z1VMYUxJQVlIVWNjTWx6M0VLZVVlTnZYcklKdktMZ2F6VTl0NVQ0YzlneEdUOU9xSEpUbHZGeWlPZS1aMzBy?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 22:50:00 GMT

Amazon Cloud Offers DeepSeek AI Models As Meta Open Source Rivalry Grows - Investor's Business Daily
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinwFBVV95cUxPZnZlRUtEWHNTVFBTb1ZfSDZTMWw1bEd1ajM5MnZLYS1GaWt1SWc1Rk9zbjlwVkUyNW85SnlQbzRQQ0MtaVAzVnpfLXliUE1BV2sycUN3QnlyeVVESDBWYTQ0V1RwdW1GNFJseTlmemVXamtSM1EwSWdtbld2NnNGOEhFV002cmctcERmWlI5d1htMEhoaDFydUZobjNlLVk?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 18:22:00 GMT

DeepSeek's models are easier to manipulate than U.S. counterparts, research finds - Axios
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihgFBVV95cUxNNHdJSld1alE0cF9vYzVEWDZfb3J2aTIxQTdndUJydjg3LUtuQnlfcHRPWlJIU3JwaDVDMkQ0NXlhZ0RJbHlQSGh5dzdCT0toSlMtVDhBdG9ENGRNTjd3cy03SHJoQ0tPalNiRnVycTZFT2hLV1ZNT2lObW1CN1E3WDJ0dVJhZw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 13:01:53 GMT

Is The DeepSeek Drama A Gamechanger For The AI Trade? - JP Morgan
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuwFBVV95cUxNOWc5dDVpT0VCUmtlRnUxdU1BczJhMG9CUnpHZFFsTWZFTG90UHlGcXN4UHdfdzRjSWN0NXMtTkRxRkJTUnFRNmpSNkttUTdDY0J1dE9ra1FmM0ZjWUtiTzREQkpWZVBuZDAxVkpveHJxeGstVnUtUTFZNDFRbjRuQ0xPblFVc0JfNFRQbUVhVUZFZ3llWS1xaDM3M1dtMmppQUVUNUhNUjBhc3NmQjIzMENmT01wdlRSLTJv?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 18:34:24 GMT

DeepSeek’s Safety Guardrails Failed Every Test Researchers Threw at Its AI Chatbot - WIRED
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiggFBVV95cUxQNDJFMU9rVFEzVGV6U0h6a3ItQzE5UEdVdWdlRTNEUkhvaEJ3S1IweDA4aUIxNnVPUmRCWTlCVjhkczNvT3NnWXZPQm5VWmk0cWl5MmJ6bnBxZHA2cnZiN0tQSHBDQkpqZElLaU5UbGNTMm1EYktoUWI3SjhCcjltWjNn?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 18:30:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s Breakthrough Sparks National Pride in China - The Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimgFBVV95cUxQd3BsSDhWYzY2elhIVjUtSlp0SkZOemU5U2RHLXJLR052TVozdlpTMF9pNG5yYmZUOW5BVFdHbjJBMGpuaFRfaEZzaWNqNGN1LVFiNzRPQWVHX292ZU8zZ2lFTV9aT3RuVHlndi1lLW9XbFhidjRiRFBuUGthV3AwanRYTE94dzRHTFI5R2dGaUFLOW5QZHEyZXhn?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 13:55:00 GMT

Texas governor orders ban on DeepSeek, RedNote for government devices - The Associated Press
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxOaW1UcG5mNUFrdTJoZTBxM3pEblNZQldxWWlMdXE5cWg5OE1MWHI4dHo4QjFCWmtDQmZ0bzQweGZvTU54Mk50VTR5OTQxMlZNMzdjZ1dyMkg0MnhFMGQ0bFBvNUVoUlVJX0ZfaW9zR09XWGEya0oxOGR1ZlZ6aG9DaEFrSWIzUzY1alNV?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 23:47:00 GMT

A Deep-See On DeepSeek: How Italy’s Ban Might Shape AI Oversight - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitwFBVV95cUxORUhLdElIOG9zTEM3cmluWEJtQmJIS0ZXWlp3S0szaG9kdjNHc0dRSVNMYU43MDFSR0ZCNmo3alhGME45X2hrN2Q2VVRNWllNenhqYkd2WUpLT0Jkbl83OVpacnhPVDRXU2VsSVdoanFLS3FXSGJfVWNFdTlDUnVkZG9KR0pyM285cjQ3S3lUT0dVWWU4RENYSllsZXhKbmlhMmlrQTlMekpmbmpXaXhETzZSRU15Z1U?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 19:49:07 GMT

The 8 things most people missed about DeepSeek - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiggFBVV95cUxQR2MzODFWZEI1R2lzUlN4a2tCUlBVaFNLa3Bla3N6SHB4MkQ0T1ZoclBPSGpOUXVORUhWT0pzNUpmbm4xY0ZtWXkwRW03Ukd0a1RkekEyQlA3SWo0akFjcEtfdnNuNHVyOE92dFp5bnJUVUpLNEFhNkFBTkQzcTlFbi1B?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 21:08:21 GMT

Reacting to DeepSeek, US Senate bill would separate US and China AI efforts - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 18:49:52 GMT

Fitch: DeepSeek AI Could Disrupt Nvidia's Dominance, Favor AMD and Intel - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigwFBVV95cUxNbTQzUjRaOUpIczQ5dHpQZjZNaVRONkNSbm8wbHBCc1pkanJwa1FjM1k5aEFOdlRQalV2VVBwckFHZU9GVnA0UVNLSmVNazFiMjB3OUJuaTVVc0Y2dVJQUlZaRXJYMm80LUd6ZkRsMUJkMThJaFRkSEJkMHpEaGJveVBQdw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 19:12:19 GMT

AI that can identify ChatGPT-generated text suggests DeepSeek might be a copy - BGR
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxQWmhEZmhaRFpjZWhFbjd3ZXRJazBDUlpPdFV5S2pCV2FqYktOTlFxQTBSczZDa19RVVBtRE52aEZhRFd5ZFJxb0NEVU05dzBsNHNEUExTbnRVeklvQ0FqaDl5M19zU3JOMHUwUkhXdnRHb0gxRXZhWTM3d1phOGdfVHNwLWhXSWdXdVNiRUZBdmRDUW1GV3NONy15Z1B4dFhk?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 00:49:00 GMT

DeepSeek just insisted it's ChatGPT, and I think that's all the proof I need - TechRadar
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMizgFBVV95cUxPcFdXT3hkcVVYN3AtSWtQN3NvSHhzb21iS3RCaTVybGZ2b3VKaHRlSFMtandzTmZmdU9wVE4tQ3Q4UTY2ZkJ6SFgyZjJUdXM3S3VjOXNUeTk1blNoVHc5d0FfVFpTd2NYSnFrbWVZQkVabUJsNi1QQmJCRnYwR0luVlczNXBtcXJnOU9yZ1h4TmJGcWp6NHdEaXZfZ0xpNWxhanVnWjI3OEpxY1EtaEUyZ1BFNnZnUEtESVJTUlV3amExdkhCRWswWUxrWFRrdw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 17:08:49 GMT

Gov. Greg Abbott bans RedNote, DeepSeek on government devices - FOX 7 Austin
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMie0FVX3lxTE54SXlZREpQdFpabGI5dlVNZml0SVJwT0xXX1R2Y3hydDA4NnNSaGlJUTNPd0dRUEl0aUhIdDFhMHM4VmpPYm1GeVVUSFdQbTNBdnNOYmlPZzJSc2pBdjRzUWhfU3JKUlR3MUpFM0VMY0ZjZFBCNFhPMVY4b9IBgAFBVV95cUxQRzNNUnNKOU15a2g3RU9KLXFteEtYeEFkMzhEQXczLWMtQ1hMSWVHaUpPLTllNWUwNVlSX0RSLWJ5aGdnZnVpUzRuUC11S2R4Mm9OSUxFY1pMRFE4amlPaGlVa1VHcE53VDA3eFFHZV9acjMzWEpJWkJlSmFKMTlJaQ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 19:17:55 GMT

DeepSeek Release Another Open-Source AI Model, Janus Pro - InfoQ.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiY0FVX3lxTE1FUi1CbThvQVJaQUNSZ1ZtSU1ITkZXS3dkZTFqVG9wVVJRQmtVOFBMc2p6RE5scXhUSEpRNDhJdTlPcEIweWZsRTNzSnZoamx3RnJ3bkg0UlZFdU1oNlI2cG45bw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 10:25:49 GMT

South Korea privacy watchdog to ask DeepSeek about personal information use - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi2wFBVV95cUxPQTkzeUYzRjJleEJZdTk2RTR5VF94cUtJNEVJaU1NUFBKY2ZkeXFmclZHS0VWS2pBR25zTEZPaWJhaFpuTWxLMFZOR0dIR1FGRnk1bFZ3LURMS2g3UXZ4RmRYcnA5U09IYURaclhOdlZiMV9rXzktNENWeXExMFA5VnBQODhIc01Id1R6SlV0dlFNd3RNSU9DZURqOFk4UW5JOTRWREZqRWl0TlNkbk8wZWdxaHk3ZHVTTXl5eE9xMnkzUDNueXB4VWQtMHN1eGdJYWNuZ1QyY1Rsbk0?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 21:51:41 GMT

China’s new AI star DeepSeek grew on more than a shoestring budget - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiAFBVV95cUxOaWp6Uzh3RGd5d1NFdFFzOWtjdjhjaWlsZUVIbmJNQWZndm1QSm1Ia2FNNGpBMkhlZUc3cWdSNlgtRDh2U1I0MUFMb01HWDJpb3A4VF9sWjhtVThacTMwNXd4WmZzbWQ0b0hoZlQ5WUtjLTRZd1pmYnE0bUxONGw4bE9EeFRUdGF0?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 02:08:58 GMT

DeepSeek App Holds Top Global Spot in Downloads, Led by India - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisAFBVV95cUxNWDRpOXo1VTY5dFgzRFFWSUJuT3BpaU9uWUhMcHRhalF0NmtubGlxU1NBeHZJWm9HQVpsMW1XTU1JMEl5Y3lSU1JXMWhHaExTTHVub19VS1pBa2E3UWs5dF9Qa25hb3M1S3BPbTd0VUQwUWVmR2VFWFhBTkEyUXZCc1NsSExmNWhPYU04TkhnS3dHandFVWZVQVZibUotWm5KTTg1Mnl1Y21TS2dtWmtMaw?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 01:47:00 GMT

NASA becomes latest federal agency to block China's DeepSeek on 'security and privacy concerns' - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinAFBVV95cUxNRzZtLTFETFBDMXEtcE95cVZqVmZfOWx0RmpDbDdlVEJlVEdrTmZJSEV2dHljaTJSMldCWjB4YjJ4MUk4dVhTQ0VFQldpMzZPLVZUdjdrZFV3aVFNRU5QeC01NjVZM3JVWElBTzEzSXBWcVpkVXl3TzgySlk0RFU1WHROUnZkS0xwTzBITWJsZGVsVS1ZVlpfYmg5QWnSAaIBQVVfeXFMT1k1QUVRSExsRXg5X3ZXRXk0OEFxQmI3Y2lVa2pFdjdsLVdMckluLTkwdEEyWjJkR25OQ1BSRTJXeGFZTHVzM09VMGI3eEkzWFRXeXhHYm9JYkhvd0RWWDJDSHNlLVA1alBtdFpvc0NOY0J6U0JYZUVmQmEyazBiYnZudzl3WWVRUG1odjZCcHZVbjF4RnlIUko4S2cxZWdHZ3pR?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 18:07:18 GMT

It’s here: OpenAI’s o3-mini advanced reasoning model arrives to counter DeepSeek’s rise - VentureBeat
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisAFBVV95cUxOeFVzSnhmaHRNQzhya1ZkYmQtNk9iN0ZLRWhORENfeVJ4eTAwQ2R0UTlOMXozeW9yREU2ZkhqNzAxQlRUNVF4cEJTQ29CNzh5SHlSNUJ0YmwwSm1aNlBCREdHUUU0dEpkWm1ycUIzV0RRUUhGQXJzSmJ2aGE3RGRDVEZ6MEhyUWVVenpvUzcxbHdRVHktNjhNQm1UdVR3ZHBNUmtRQnRBOERhWmUweGM2dg?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 19:00:00 GMT

Taiwan bans government agencies from using DeepSeek - FRANCE 24 English
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinwFBVV95cUxNdEUzay03MEszMFlaczZKbWx6emljd2xPczBOWExrQlFOV1JOMXNjV213enN1OEZKN1JZTTVzd1V3Z1VTUFcyQVJMWnpTQkxyNjdBM3NaZXFEaWo3aGRRUURLVGFtNk9yRWk1dnRzU2VXbDZhRU1NSnJLRllMc2lKdEJ3TnhGSE5yeDIyZlA0NnlBZ3BSQk1paHlzc21GcjQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 02:39:12 GMT

Is Deepseek a Trojan Horse? What You Need To Know - CCN.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMickFVX3lxTFBtVzBHTEJMZkdwd044dGYtNXRIZmtHUFd1UXFmZ0xScDFrQ0VWY1R3U0U3OWZqS2lwRkZ3NmJUTU10ZzBwTU0zc0w0Z3Z6YmJpb1RHUFRXdDJQWlhpQjJ3ZklkbDJydWFzNk1Jb0RYdV90Zw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 09:30:06 GMT

'Harmful and toxic output': DeepSeek has 'major security and safety gaps,' study warns - Euronews
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivgFBVV95cUxPdFJXNWxpVXI2cG00Zk9xRi05WnZRNTJBNzFtZE4yZE85UW5zcG9Mc0UyWmlwTlJCc0JDZTBGSHdWMzd1ME9nRVFId25HWmdHN2pQVU9zeHRTc3dlWjZiN2xMZUhhT2RRSVREbWFIT1U0NF92RXFwMDJGMzJXdDlWLWR3RFRITTFpSFVyeDdiSVpkajBzaHUzTktHcHI5ZjhjRlZNcFhhN2pHWGxCOUFGVGFSemhVSlRucXJJNVFn?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 17:49:15 GMT

Here’s How DeepSeek Censorship Actually Works—and How to Get Around It - WIRED
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiXEFVX3lxTE9EWTU0Sjc0NzlZQzNvNVBKcEI5Um9aVlpTVWpTRUlmaUt3WXk5T3V2YnZ6dnd1SFdmcGxqXzlldEFTOTJhN1MtNFhQbVQ5QzlucnBFdjJORTRERnNh?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 19:33:24 GMT

From TikTok to DeepSeek: America needs to out-innovate China, not ban its apps - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMif0FVX3lxTE93RmhLaFVoSVp5Ny14Q3BZc040QjNMUFBrTjVXbHYtcXBTTGZmVTlKTTQ4WGRJLUVzVU9sWl9wU0o0OWlFbnZHQ1JpREI2U3hhX1dFWTMxb0l3WXRQMHhwTWJjSHRVMDRONWlhWEJWSkE5cWI3RFVTd0g3VlJCbjQ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 21:32:00 GMT

SAP SE (SAP): Adding DeepSeek to SAP’s AI Hub - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTE5KbVRqTDQ3SkdlM1ZhTElIVHlVRDhHVUZFWVFjaUxqcVlFSWw3Vnk3azV3SklONm44T1NsUERUclUtOVRpTVgyeFZadHJBeWtmdy1KTzQ4NjA5cEozeXB0d0pfa0drNTBBNDk3RU5xRzAzT3N5RWZ6YlN3ZUU?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 22:49:01 GMT

DeepSeek: what you need to know about the Chinese firm disrupting the AI landscape - The Conversation
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitwFBVV95cUxNc0FHb0d3RmYzbmhqZlZkNXc4aG05Qi15OWw1OTFCTVFzMUFjMEpBVXIyR1JULUFGZ09sYXE0U1J2eHVEZ1VtdHliNjdubVhQVDd4TVNWRFhRYmdKeDltSldkcy1qal83SU1EeVZIZ0lwakViVWVsazRIUzhqOVhKQUV4NWVnLUVReGFFalhfZl9IRGctMjFQbE1Wb25nX1dBNzFzTHFsb1ZOSW9tNHptS0I5alowNnc?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 17:34:05 GMT

DeepSeek, OpenAI, and the Race to Human Extinction | Opinion - Newsweek
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiekFVX3lxTE9qOVhXdTZ3ci1pRzRFV2ZIQjVWajlhTkpmWUFkd1JPekpRZDhxZkZxSzI1cXJkSWwtMG1BRkx4VmxEVnZMS3pFblVhdzM0emdtNTRwSTd1TmFnSm10ZjdKREhpRVFiZm5PLVNVS2tyOTB1UkRnT3pGMDZ3?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 10:00:01 GMT

Ai2's new model more open than DeepSeek - TechTarget
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxNUXZJeGJ0QlA3ei1vMThzZFRZeEFKV0FFNXdzZ1RyOEtjTlFLUUlXY0V2LUlEaU5MaG5sMERWT0VmR2FxeW9nNWRPN243aWl2NnNJWGpDMjNFd3I0NzQ0dExVS1drblFibk5mZ0RWNHI1N0hwU1p4SEpoTUVzWUFIc2M0bE5DUnlnLWxEXzlzOWI4dVJGRl9VYlFMeVRJUlN2?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 18:34:19 GMT

DeepSeek outage adds to growing pains amid political scrutiny, but some see opportunity - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiygFBVV95cUxQYUVHVHFXNG0xQVBKbjBiSWpIaVJKVnF0dEJzemttVWthVGVEcmRoX3lZaHZmUm9FcW4ySVRCZHpwMFgwMWhraWpGeWZVLXEtUUM1dHowNmJaaFVGZ1Y2blp4Wk5kYVdUNnRfVkFTd081YmFGdG8td2dVTjlyYmlfQjhkVWZORTRlQnVtQkpsTnlFNEFXLUU2akJsVmctNkNsajlVTDNsUXBJSkphQk1EaVhWZmlPOG1JbUJWWlhHMXZHNUVjQ1Q5cHZR?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 13:00:13 GMT

The International DeepSeek Crackdown Is Underway - Gizmodo
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihgFBVV95cUxPWlhBeTNULU1Gb0VSTVJ3czk4NGlxNm96ZzJuSVZwcHVxazRVVXNack5WcGl0ZjNnNE9xWk9xblgteTFkZXA4Nk8zQlVTWVFaeEs4dlpKNUtpazFPUWUzNWtCUE9VRkpBblh6QURiLWk1d1prX2gwZzJ2Z0Q1Mnk4dlA2bzN4dw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 19:15:39 GMT

Forbes Daily: DeepSeek’s AI Model Raises National Security Concerns - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivwFBVV95cUxOaUNRWlRrSDI1UVU5QWh1SmRKbjREUy1WUDdmQmxQNVVZRE9RVXQ1TmV3aUQwbXVNU2FvcEJHTjNmMmhpdXpqcVI4dVByWldqeEdBS0FQOFprVlE5dC1sT1B2UWpxY1hiQlEwSWwwOHUtUXRPcmpIWm9mZWhNLTN5Z0tlOTczb1ZXbjhFUWxHSERKSFRwd3p2OWctdk1naV9MNWE4dmZmamkxelRVTXpLcnJkQkgzNXBta0VKX0RnMA?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 13:05:13 GMT

Inside the Deepseek stock-market selloff - Raconteur
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigwFBVV95cUxQaEI1MkJHVHhzdWM0VzdoRHgxSjQtejk2Y0ZOY0x2dHJzenJwRWdZbXRvOWFoaG9tSTFabTVYUERIUDZIN1dUWGhibi1jdGxTZkFJR09SM0E3Q2NhLS1Dcno2WUxIUWlhekNXSEdzSXVGeTZXU0lnY21qei1lTVlubUR2NA?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 16:15:54 GMT

OpenAI Says DeepSeek Plagiarized Their Plagiarism - VICE
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihgFBVV95cUxORVBTQ2VsRVNHSEMzTnRiclRzTmpPMkR1NnJLT2p1cjM0WHZNYTF2d2xDQ3ZQY0JDSW9XbHNHQk1UYmNtNi1mWlNYaDVQM1hHbk5JTnV5azVzaHRxaWxvUlM3TTN5aTZWSGtFVW9zVkdycU43bmREd3JLcHY1WWRhdVg5YWpCdw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 20:59:47 GMT

ChatGPT vs. Claude vs. DeepSeek: The Battle to Be My AI Work Assistant - The Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilwFBVV95cUxQV0IxbzBsR1RyMUpaVk03NGtKOWtzY010OHdsY0Rqa19ZTmtlblpZSVY0S3ZfcnZWby1hcW1vZjcySEIwZExIbEtjRjFSdER4UUZ4OE5TUVllMEhYZGFiNzFlYnE4TEdaZ1FXRTAtN3FRZDN2UV8wMGlHZDJ0US1FVlp0VWg0NFdRM01USUItSTcwbEM0NFZr?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 10:30:00 GMT

US reportedly investigating whether China's DeepSeek used restricted AI chips - Fox Business
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 17:55:00 GMT

DeepSeek Will Hardly Dent Magnificent Seven Stocks, Survey Shows - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijAFBVV95cUxOLWpfTFY1VGt3NTlWSkRmTURkeXEtWHhpNFFSc3BlREN3R2psLWt1RzNpUEJIc25iUERHOFB2ZGhLSFdKd3FUNGhtT2puWWZaLTVEWXdWZzJ1QUpfdkxLY2ZLelpmbnI3RFVKYnhWWkJVWWktZnVyNHJtZFMwTmJHUkJ4RFV2UUxpQlVqTA?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 16:32:12 GMT

Only two weeks in and AI phenomenon DeepSeek is officially growing faster than ChatGPT - TechRadar
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiwwFBVV95cUxORnVwM1J5TkJzZ1B0QXVjcGs4X2ZNdHowSGFOYlUxMXBsSWVWUDkyMmtkdEVaTmVHdVk2czR1ZUYyQ1VDMU9ENzhmUlh0Tk55NUdUOGFzdW85YVdvbEZPN3pkWTdtWTJidVF1bkp2aEhTSHdpSXE4OVhLM3c1T19tNDM4UFJpQnBsVXA3Q1J3VVUxbEl0SmRjV3VFRU1aQ0c0TVhrbjFLUEdrVkpwMWpTWHVKbVNKXzlSaEVqLU50NlNlcHM?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 05:03:23 GMT

OpenAI releases o3-mini reasoning model following DeepSeek frenzy - Axios
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMicEFVX3lxTFBEd1BMR2lGazV4OHdJaTJFbjdveWFOWTlxV3N1T1U0c2l2V3E4aDZQTV92cWVFOGVRaC1vRG5jS1BiektXcDRJRENKRkZtbEFWQjFtUjgzc1Q0RkpoV0xwNVpWUkpHaFhLbk5zdVVMeXk?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 19:01:57 GMT

Trump and Nvidia CEO discuss DeepSeek, AI chip exports during meeting, source says - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxOMzZaNkxwR0xaa1ZOMGl2ajhTcVJTRGxQdmpLSnU5M21mVWo5b3ZyTHo5dXpxSk1Sd010UGNWZWhHTGtwcWhOeXBLVmVuU1p2SWhiLTBGN3lfQ3BybFltSzRkeE94V25LcUdYNnJ3TklMOVpPYS1la2F1V2hzSzBEVUNnbGp4Y0RISEdQSkkyMXFpLWt2Mm15UzJfbWdueTBDbVhQaTV1RVU2UQ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 23:49:28 GMT

‘Hundreds’ of companies are blocking DeepSeek over China data risks - TechCrunch
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxNdHM4WWdPZmlfMm5tVjI1T0VrOV82bWp2Um5ucmdQMmxTMUl0U3RaWXBUQVhISzc2REN6Z0Q2aGx5b1d4QlFhZTZXRXhJQnBmeGpraE1FX0xlS242cWpSbUxpV0FDSS1IYUZPR1VVN3FpNnFhdEd4WXRVZGxnYXFPSEJtY1lsWXB6UHlGdFROdWZCemg1MHZIOG5ZRmhDeEZYa0E?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 21:55:40 GMT

Is That Legal? Plus, DeepSeek and the A.I. Bubble. | On the Media - WNYC Studios
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimwFBVV95cUxQcDFRbW1sN1R4b3FXUHN6QmNiVmFCRkFrNGxqUGtsbFRTNDBNRjF1WV90MWZNdnZ4QzBXNUpTV3BxWnEyLUNJQ3JRRU4wcFp1UGVOeVRKV2J3SHU4cWpFSXR4NEh6bC0tU1VjaThEcXJpUVdWZE9yVWhaOXd6aXlveWRQOFlhWkstN2JnQjl4cTNfR0gyZ2VLUTBqVQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 03:24:40 GMT

DeepSeek replicated for peanuts: US scientists achieve feat in $30 - Interesting Engineering
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilAFBVV95cUxNSjVGNWNVRGV6N0M1YmxsN0h4T3RUT2VqdzNvYWd0MFRNT1NHbjQzNnVrUXdwR0IzV0FnenFFNzRrRGRjWHUxSlpta3FGdU5oX3lPWXMwZU1yLVNBVEU0ekNVSnFxWEdQZlJXLTlfYXNPb2NHd09tbVZhejd3Y1N1enBtTUhKcEFZYnl5RU0wZkx1SUxF?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 13:24:00 GMT

Trump's AI czar flags report questioning DeepSeek's cost of developing AI models - Fox Business
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 20:25:00 GMT

DeepSeek, Nvidia and the AI race that’s shaping the future - The Conversation Indonesia
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilgFBVV95cUxOMWowaVNGM2lHYXNTVzMyb0t5a2NIeEZVeGI5aklPTm01d0lld016R1lyTnE2VzZYWEFKdkFncm9faTcydlJlZEVINjQxRmdhdVlXakdFZ0FfRnlkWmIwZkN1RmppVUhMT3NfTTBzU2FqQ0Uwd2hMTEVQM0tDcllPQVpWYnBTSWRnalFVaG9BNHh1UzRKWHc?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 13:24:38 GMT

DeepSeek Arrived. America Freaked. What Happens Now? - The Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidkFVX3lxTFByY1JFd3FUUW44X3RwaHFRTG82b180dW5PalRvOGEtQkN1V3BMaC1nWkYzemVfRTBlTnJnMVFPbVp5NEV2NXpXMHcyOFZPcDQzelNobW1Ubk1xSjRuRjBGT0pzQld2VUxxZVJ2Zi0td1FnM0RhWXc?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 02:00:00 GMT

U.S. investigates whether DeepSeek smuggled Nvidia AI GPUs via Singapore - Tom's Hardware
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi1AFBVV95cUxQQ2ZfaDAzRVMyV1dfOVhVbnZKNU1uMmVrZkdKVXN0dkd1ZVc4QjZGUHp1WklkMkFEZUFxdFd4YmI0dlQzRHkwOEdzdTU5eVZNQXFEbnRMTmNpZDZvV25oeTk2RXNUdVNCNXNsaUxkLXY2NEtHcDN0QUNjTURkcWk4WHZTQ3ktT2RObk9wdy11eWZ5Yy1YWF91QjA3cG5RSEVra29nUnZ3QlFnUFVpYnI4V1VwblpPUGJUaUxvc0l1dy1mdUx4SmF1eGFZdlJ2YndLdEl5RA?oc=5
Published: Fri, 31 Jan 2025 15:51:36 GMT

DeepSeek will not derail Wall Street’s tech rally, say fund managers - Financial Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMicEFVX3lxTE1uZHdtWVIzRjU4Ti1QYjBDMmlsTVpnWHoyR2VrXzF1UVN4NHE3QUVzYS0zTlZFN19qLWl2dS1BelB6VDBEcUxiUkVLNS1TaWhMeUUtdXdBdDdacS1VTzM5NG9uRFZJSExKamlETkdRVlo?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 04:00:26 GMT

Panic Over DeepSeek Exposes AI's Weak Foundation On Hype - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxOQnZJN191QjBneUV2dEx3ak5yZUQtX2N2UV9jZlRfeUFTWGo3bWZySWRzOWp1a0czTnd5eVgyTTRuR0VDNUs4Tm1OczY2bU15a04ycjhYVWlVRUpkVWdJSlJLRlNWTTI5Z2hvb0RJUC1TUURSWjlnR25EZzNsTFltTUNUMVBOUHVyX0YteUxaQTRva1M2UDhhcmhzTjlUTUltNFBBalRleGQzcUU?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 15:46:20 GMT

DeepSeek: What lies under the bonnet of the new AI chatbot? - BBC.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMingFBVV95cUxNNzRBQml0UXJBWW9mLUlOOUtIekZjQVF4TVpxZm1Ody1HbHJJc2xwQndOSDJRRUNENmgzY055blM5eVd6MEFFUFNGdWluZFFpSGZjMWVFQU5DX2s3N0hQSUZ6THBIeEsydmhRQXNiNE5fSWpuNC1jLUNSVV9BV2FuSThTSG9IZFExeHR4UHhFaE5OZ1IwYUdPeVRmTzF1QQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 14:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Is a Win for China in the A.I. Race. Will the Party Stifle It? - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihgFBVV95cUxQb3dfR3loWnM5WTJFWWlMTTRFcFhfYzhJNl9ZeVdJVkpFLWtVT29pM0dHLWZaVXhqNXRuTDdWWFRCTW05bW5GbHk0YWFKaFYyN0xITzhoaTNBbU9KNWtmeXhKT1lLZ0NCdDJXVmw1Ymx6VUk5M1lMMGNtYjhRd2tSbXNFaXVEUQ?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 05:01:05 GMT

Why This Nvidia Shareholder Isn't Losing Sleep Over DeepSeek AI - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxNcjFpdUktR1VJRkgyQk4wY0NPYUFkY0lTRU1pcU9CaXBDNVhNT0NXNDJRT3JzWmkwRF8yTHhRRG1HUldpOFFQOEYwSk5kYjJZSXd6WFFxdUdUbFZaT1FQU09ZRlZoUWdyMllORWd0OUtXNnFOYnRmVHdQZzZyWHU3YVpqYVkyY2hIVkdaM2xnUXBBYS1RYVhHNA?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 21:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek Fails Researchers' Safety Tests - PCMag
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikAFBVV95cUxPSGxJMWc2VkhKempVdVpSeld2eW1QOUxxTm1KSTVVeGpQbkFiY0pQMmZ4UGFnSjZOZEl6cFc1NzBoamRQWTV2WHJKNkJlaks1QmZfNlJHcVQxOUtHTFp0Y2hMZzhzRmktOHotUUd1N3V0aHpQZC0xaXlCQXNKRnA4S2FDWldLZ09VWTFJZG5QNzM?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 23:58:11 GMT

Clever architecture over raw compute: DeepSeek shatters the 'bigger is better' approach to AI development - VentureBeat
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiygFBVV95cUxObmtkRjhuLWcyUzQ4dEFyM2lFTjBaODE1MTZ3VnBvRVowcjFCV3ZNSTliRlFIOXIyTlFjRTRoWDh6MlYyM3o2dVd5ek1JYTM1amF0bzUwVGNoTGhZeWFvYUtIUzEwUDVEaHpmNEYwX1Nzc292ZndJUDE1NTZoNnhkWmNmS0d6dnZqemtFOFUxRE5XdVo4MEMyVEhaNEdlc1JEa1Ixd0RyUDVidzFBYTd6UVMxaFltM3YyR19JSnhUVTI1Yk90R0h6LU1R?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 20:40:00 GMT

Was this the week DeepSeek started the slow unwinding of the AI bet? - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiugFBVV95cUxOV0haMUQzVVpneFBMNXl4dGVILXpuQmpSZThLVnd1MDBESnJ4azJhWnViQ1VTNGhnWWM4OFV6VWxxNWN0RDBIMzVOejFfSzVLNnU5U3RJelpBWkRpb2xKZjNSYUQ5MExhR3Blbk9rcE9tSGZ0c3V6eEEtelN6VDAzUmNiV2VJYTRNZTdKNEdMSmRSa3E4c1lGbDJHMDJIdGVEQzEwY2tReDB1OThnYURSTmh0UEVGU3p2V0E?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 16:53:00 GMT

Data Center Euphoria Starts to Ebb After DeepSeek: Credit Weekly - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiyAFBVV95cUxOMzIwRmRxQ2NlTlc2dnV3djFTQV90VkF6aU1JLUNMVzJXVXcwWGRCb0VDUWpJaDMydG5rZmV1ZlhVMDNKZTNtMjhuNmU1YjR6cEhRQmNLS0dOejFiTmh4TnVYS3ZEZ08tT0ZsVmhVR2RlWldNOWR0UEU4bVllVkxUb0JuR1BmSmFSaTVZeS01YVBnV2NoUGtiU00yR1ZfMFF5Nko4Q2hQZlFQUzhTbzFCVzhJX3pWVlpHMlVrWWJ0MVRTRzhHUFE4VQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 20:00:00 GMT

How DeepSeek Has Blown Open AI Race Between US and China - Newsweek
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiowFBVV95cUxORjBKdXhWRWNTNXgzRDFaTVU4eVlrNHNPWnFHV3JEN3BENHNFMUVFSk5HWUE4S2ZJRjlkbWRSdFcyZ0pEcnNZTWoycXNHbnlpM0toa0JYSkpIbUhBS3lHYlBTeTBOV0hTcUxqQjBHRTFDcURXU256VGZkLWlFTlZVSmlBY056Yy1rcC1iQnRhMXJ4ZnJncXdLbkptOVJBTU9ZYzZN?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 10:00:02 GMT

DeepSeek Failed Every Single Security Test, Researchers Found - Futurism
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiZ0FVX3lxTFBtY0RnQW8td0lobTExVVdOM20zbktVWlB0Tnp5SGJBcGY0R2pISXFSMU5KOXVyODdjSEFDZVhXTjA5M1J4bFhfYUQ1OXBtcFdIVnczY0VCQWduaENfSnNNSWhtUnJqNVE?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 14:00:48 GMT

Opinion | DeepSeek isn't Sputnik: an AI race with China is crazy - The San Francisco Standard
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisAFBVV95cUxNcUE3QTJtSXU4SlUyaFBPZHBDVmpSYnBURi1DeEdaeGFaTFRubC1oUm1lQjNiaGFTTFA2Y2FHUFRNREY5VmtHZ0U0bVEwQnQ5NEFOdUJZLURobnVYcFFmQ0lMME1BVDVmOU96NFlBeU90cFk4cjhtTndhVVFlQVRUOGRXM1haMVZHTndmUmJBMjQzSThucXZpazRqWkVsSU55WFNaT2tSMWlhVDBYWXRuYQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 17:00:00 GMT

Texas governor orders ban on DeepSeek, RedNote for government devices - NBC DFW
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiowFBVV95cUxNT0dSSFd5U1JLejdwbGhMcS1uM1RFTWQ5WEVzUDZ3aVRCTjNPTUZTREFYc1hWdU5ZeVJtam42UEhFeHpYcWxLY0FaNzByN3MyMnl3aWRTcWhyTm56RXRvU2dZRFYzSVZPaFRHRVNFQU0yYWhfMjVqYkhzSHI1X096bEhzWTJ5LTBzN2IxTXROYW8xN0F3THRFRDUwX3NPWjZtSVBN0gGrAUFVX3lxTE5YdXM2Vy1abmlXYldiNE92Rm5ST0JEa1hicGZpR0xrQmNRdnNSVlkybExRbEpTdEQ1dHJleE9hbVJ0UV84d283UExQZkRMdXhHbDU1RDF0WHhEOXU1NHNMS3daTlNtT0tjYWhfZW1uNWROeURvVEEzMVMtZTVjUkZVV3psZTI2QUpDOVVESlJEVTcteVhEelZkZEc5TXFWTS1uVW9ROXRyX245VQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 17:36:11 GMT

Here Are the Stock Market Winners and Losers from the DeepSeek AI Upheaval - Investopedia
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxQRUZzNFEzN2VEYXc0YTFFZ3hqWUdyTDFIOEczenhWcVYxSF9aVVlkYnZ1TTdrVGtFZ1ZiZnNrdGtLTzhaY0NBb1o3Z2tfZ2lseFhELVI0LUpvWUhYQjE2bGRHRVRlaGVYNDUxZGtZdEdWU1hLRllZUTU1SnlyeUEzRU1Qc083LVpQTnhIb1RudHVlY3FnUkZxZW51bzc3U0tRQ2lOeEpmcXNPUQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 12:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek shocked the AI world this week. Here's how tech CEOs responded - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipAFBVV95cUxORWptczc3WXNqcldNSjNiOHJ0V3pXTzZNbDNzcHE4VG93MkI2Y2hCYy1vcWRCTHNCNkhVbFozYWR2a3ZfRFE5ZmhIdUpwRm1mTnFHUFktajBXOHEzVVJSNHl3T1RGMUpISjhWUzM3THkxQXpaaGNGZTZhdU1vUVRfU2dvWHM3dWpERlVHOFd6WklCdVU3WmVBWXRReXg3YnFxVjR4cdIBqgFBVV95cUxNZWZCYlREMmdHLXFKWHIxX2QtSi1vM3J2bEx0RU9PRU1KY3RYdzZ4NGkxWFpuQlRmU19TeGRDSERDYXB5a0UtQURiSF9fRThVTXE1YVJuMkxBMlhUUXJzSmZWb3E5UEgtNGNuYURUenpZbUtfM2Z6Y1doWDY0RGdYem8wUGs2UTg3X3pZeEphQ0x5bm5qMEdYM19QdGhFcVRBcV9yOEktcDFmZw?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 13:00:01 GMT

Taiwan Bans Government Agencies From Using DeepSeek, Citing Security Concerns - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxPQzBXYkJvdFo2THVMdHlDZzQta21PcDZoQXJrbEk0VUJtbVlZd3RlTWNLYnZ4eFFPUjZGS2NEc3lVTlkxNDBiOXhXSjIyQUhKZG9lbXBaVm9mMFJxelNpQU9RVHNDUklsS1ZkcmhpSjBvNlc5N0VMWTFGcnNIZTVqWW1IOUFpS3IyNFFGVzRIV3NLYm5QVG1XZkhhM2lNaXExYnc?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 16:19:00 GMT

DeepSeek or DeepFake? Our vultures circle China's hottest AI - The Register
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiakFVX3lxTE1iZjZLY2NHUGlSbW5hTE1jNEdrdEYtQ3JnTVk4T2lKTXllMlNXLXVfc2FZdmd3RjlOdjh1eVdZYzI0S0Q3bmY0SDZPaEhXZzVQMkJySGpKN1ZaNUl2N0lUQ3dGc0R3eTVhcXfSAW9BVV95cUxQb3hJZDN4Q2V1OUQ0Y2N2a3M2ckIyWEFBSlpCb3lCaU9TS0U5N1RLeXh3NVVrUUd1c3VlNlVXZ25oVHNQWGUzU1hiYkIwb1F0M3hYck9zWTFLS3lGbHJjUDNUYmF1NUItYVBzT2xQT0U?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 11:34:00 GMT

DeepSeek Data Leak Exposes 1 Million Sensitive Records - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqAFBVV95cUxONXVLQ3NRUW1MWGFrT3dPM2xhUUdNOWxyRWtxWURCY0J2LUM1anNEelFtcXA3RXE4RHZrckxtMlRJY0RXMkVrbmVmWTJLMnNGWXlYdnZRREJPdkpzSy0tMDNUcV9udURoWkpkYkItSFg3UVZjb0Y0bVk5enFaMnBrdWtxWHJ0cFFaUk5RSGNtWU84Sk9QLW8yTmg4akt4MC1fTE5mUUhtS20?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 01:27:48 GMT

AI is not just powerful. What’s really worrying is that DeepSeek has made it cheap, too | John Naughton - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikAFBVV95cUxQc0xYQ0FBb0NNa2F6VHY5N0RpUmswMThWNm11V3BmNTBXZHI5NS15M25kbS0zNGNSa2xrdUFEQTNTekhnMTloUUpvWThlMlR0U09fSW50QlNwY1EyWk5JcmRJczFlcEtQTDViSEsxdU51LUtwQ0M1WF9FQmdROGZnMGF4elgtMFpDUUc1c3FNNXI?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 19:14:00 GMT

What Does Chinese AI Start-Up DeepSeek Mean for Nvidia Stock? - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxOWlQzanFybEJQWGJqNFlkbTJlY2R2TVpwY2NibTBHbmZYak5DQ2txSWQ1eGZkbzNHQ1pCS0dBaFNXU2FDN094SlZxY0tQQTVkanJaUDM5OHBxLU5jRkdzbmx6ZWFYWlJhNzk0MUtUdldSWXVPWnZJNTNTSUFDNlBPbXhsVVhCSlNjSzNCOXlldG9mWmNKYTNxWQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 09:12:00 GMT

IBM Could Win Big From DeepSeek's AI Disruption - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikwFBVV95cUxPVkc3SldnMWprellBa2kwaHR1X2FtR1ByZjUxVExJR0JocGlKR1lCdkZUdktFVTdVc1ZPek1RbzVwZVgzcWhWdmdVYmlydk5zRnJMdWN3NDFVbEZSdkpYMC1hY0pneWhvYjhZQkx3Vl9ENzBtbGhRN3gzYW5WR2tleWoxWC1ZTkwzX1k1OXBRbURLa1U?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 10:20:00 GMT

Mixture-Of-Experts AI Reasoning Models Suddenly Taking Center Stage Due To China’s DeepSeek Shock-And-Awe - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi7AFBVV95cUxNQ2xQejZUZUVzcUx3RXRjLUlwSkJjdkc1Y3RtekJpOWc0d08xTkM1ZjFNN0Q5czZVUVlMa0JwanVLTmZLMG9pQ1NUb0JvWkNBYlN1YzdUeU9ZS3V0bFBCZHExcWJYM1BNWTNDbkhYM1hYRXhTdDREWGJnQVE5bUVhcVNJRGdjUTNqd3lFbk9WczBOMHRrUHd6Y3htaUlfLTFkR2VBbmNyXzR4elFINV81WUM3VTE4T0h4dWVNZWZCREotSUgtd0pDcEZiZjRFazRpVGowSG95dGlKd0x5V2g2MllKRUZxcFdqY0Yzeg?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 08:15:00 GMT

OpenAI Staff Turn Guns on Each Other After DeepSeek Humiliation - Futurism
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibkFVX3lxTFBRMy05RHNmR3cwZ3Rhb09Samx4ejFRMnNUdDA5czVvNWE0ZzB6SDVDTmRTX0R5N0c1YUNzVnVIS0toLWhPeThvbnFtZm1ZalRDSUpzN3FMSDAyWkR4NC1HWWlnV242MWhyalJjTW5B?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 14:45:48 GMT

DeepSeek Marks The End Of The First Phase Of The AI Investment Boom - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivwFBVV95cUxNUGdjLVE5dFpLaVZOcFY1djBRQXBLeTNZalptNmstNXlWRkpvX1U2aTJ5cDNiS3RNT2JzeGI1SnlzTXIyS2dWcEdieDB4R1kxSEo2eXUydlRkVWlzOGdUTnVCQ2NwNjNjaFpCdVpxQkphZXYxLU9BaXhBWmdVYWVjQnY1N3Q1aUtqaER5LV9WVlNWZ3BXMk5WR0gwWnlIU3RIazJZelZJQUM1ek12ZDFodEg1eDFaRm56eTR5UEh3VQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 08:23:49 GMT

One-Two AI Punch: DeepSeek's Image Generator Follows Its Earthshaking Model Release - CNET
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiygFBVV95cUxQOWVNb0xTaTNubGdIMnNCQl9qTzF3ZmtjcHpJQmhNekc5RjUwYzBCZDZ3Mml4eHpoNl9odzlubGtZWTdmZFJ5dFc0LVp0MjNrR3JUbDJaaG52bDNrM2NrcG50dTJkVmIydHRqZHdoOFBwTVI4UkRIYl9iYzVJcmtPeW50VUg1YlBuS2pOZXNxN3FYOEtlQlNaWkcwM1lkX0NsS0M0UFpXYjdyZk1FR1hwTXM1M1cxNHVENUtYaFRBek9xSFVFQy13TXFn?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 11:15:00 GMT

US tech giants embrace DeepSeek’s AI model despite scrutiny - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 09:00:17 GMT

DeepSeek’s success will undermine the US-China tech war - Financial Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMicEFVX3lxTE03V3B2X1N1aDk0dnhyYWRoaGhwSm1RNnBYX2h1VmRfVjkwMlJqcFo4cUNYTnBpaHZldENrY3cxY0N1ckZoY05WTmhqdERlZkJxN1RidVlpWGFfbmtfWks1ZnE0aWNsUkNmM2VyMnlQSnY?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 05:01:03 GMT

OpenAI responds to the DeepSeek buzz by launching its latest o3-mini reasoning model for all users - TechRadar
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi7wFBVV95cUxNM2JwNjFGWHZjRUZUeXprTDQ0LUxJdWlPYjJTVUh4WElITWlrQXNOTWZBQVh3elZJN1dIX0s3NHRUT2tCb293RU9qVDlxVDFvVjg3ejJRU19sNl82SzVtb3dqQU11NXhXdVRMZFJNZ3c3NGo1ZFZNLWFrZmhtVXBoWjByRGNqQnAxRUxKSFZCQXJWVlNHOGJrOXJhcFdpVlFHVU10bVZSaHlDYXBMang4SW1PUDhrWUdibmZuMWMxbHRFdXJKRVF5YURUcXlsNnRWMG1nOE5QcUlHSEV5aE45cEkwdGE4NDZoM3dTZU84Zw?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 16:30:00 GMT

AI Markets Were Deceived To Believe In DeepSeek’s Low Training Costs; They Are Actually 400 Times Higher Than The Reported Figure - Wccftech
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikgFBVV95cUxQVjA3XzNsMkJoODNGSDJLTVRtV1RkRFJpTVpzenJfYTRHWEJjZTJDdWdrNHNHQmlyaG9US1kteXJ4YVhILXQybkFrN28zemVtcG54dnNOVzI3cVRPeFRGbHZPZ1cyUnNqR21sOEZTTndidW9hYUpWVDRhQjlfSFR0ajA5M3lKaGRvQlJiOXZhYmdnUdIBlwFBVV95cUxQd25MLWc5RjRoSklLV3FpRFVBX3pyblphOWEzMXpBWUt2MHU5dmd5VGZ6bzdiRWJTVHg5cDk4bG16SnBQRk9rdGwwdUhyeG1jSmQwUjFnandDeWlia1Q1bjg1ZjZIbUUwSk5mbFpXNUpUVUVlQ1RBSlRhdWR1MjBfTEY3SHM0eldrQUtnRVVpT3JaOGdXc1pR?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 15:59:00 GMT

Sam Altman says OpenAI is 'on the wrong side of history' and needs a new open-source strategy after DeepSeek shock - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilgFBVV95cUxNY3RmTUY5QmkyaGdCQUJOampyY2lrb2hteS1RZXFsd191WTdDSWVrdmdPNjVyNEpXN0VlbFlCS2JscnJjdzNOUlFTdXZ4MWFHd1NkUUlxRWNrQjRWVXZFWm8tTDZXVGNiT3kzYjJwS0hlRkJhNkJGa3o5YV9zbHBmUGNITV9TZE02NVNzb3NtaDhqNURlY2c?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 15:51:00 GMT

OpenAI Fights Back Against DeepSeek AI With Early o3-Mini Launch—Here's How It Compares - Decrypt
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMif0FVX3lxTFBKNzlEQTZmQWNpbnY1OUFpQmJCMmpJLTM1dHduWFdjZ1BTU1ltZ0l0Sm5kREItb2NIZUgySDk0TVdYZEJDeGlqVkpGSUQ0Ymt3bXFUMEE0T05oaDZRTTNfYkFId2tJeUZCY21zUGs5VTRVakZ5OUxyNWY1TUxwZmvSAYcBQVVfeXFMUEZucllraTJpekZ5U2dMd2J3UGR2MFhkZGlLbHNvM0F0RHdSMlVnSW5jLUNfYmhDUDlUYmY0QmRnU2Z3SXlOa3llNklocnN1dGZHa3cwcFJwbThFTWt3R1VWRWQ1bjV1eXhsZ0hRamc5T2ZncVNWN0hPRDNGa3ZkMXRLd0t5eVg4?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 14:44:59 GMT

DeepSeek, ChatGPT, Grok … which is the best AI assistant? We put them to the test - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi4wFBVV95cUxOWUVtZVBvLXlWVENKTDlKeWZFc1VYME1vSThRY3pLT25mbjcwX2s3VlltWk9oV1Q1MC1Ib2ZkMkRMYThfOFRuaXBVc3NxRmFUUTRSc3psWHFWMWpfbEVSdU1iWjcwMWZkdXJjWXN4ZHNPeU5HVDhaWEx3OUQxYTMtZTNsRWdfb0lFMkY0eTF2enpHUmtYOFo0VTFsb0FwVkpqU2pnaHRxT0FPOGVHRHdmaFd3Y05CdV9OWHdVN3dVa2VfNm5ZWDFRSVRsVmtCUkR3eHdkWXB2OXNsM1lVNVdBeG1MOA?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 12:00:00 GMT

How I installed DeepSeek on my phone with surprisingly good results - Android Authority
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidEFVX3lxTE9qTGtLeUxNdEFHRWg0SlhyelFiUnA3c2hLY0gyOU5hY19rbElIb2ZsTkFVQVJlNmUtN2tzR0tUdEdYZk1sMDFydVhvemxqYVNqRkZnQUtHaDR3dFE4d0JJcDQxSEQ1OVlnY1lZMV9KbHcwNHpV?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 16:01:28 GMT

Tencent Cloud becomes the latest Chinese tech company to incorporate DeepSeek into its cloud service - Global Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiYkFVX3lxTE5fT0ZjZWczdmV2X05zU2xHRTRvUWY2ZFVPUDBGb1ZyUG5ZTGRpemhvOFg5aS1uRjBIc2V3dHJuYkdDSlNKdTByU25BR0FSOGdqYksyMkFrckR2TzF1N2pFQWp3?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 07:01:00 GMT

Abbott bars Texas officials from using DeepSeek, RedNote on government devices - The Hill
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilwFBVV95cUxQYThjRks5bktaaTA3YlBnb2xGaGVWMWt0Vk52anNkSS1Oc2ZROGFUUzM1NVJQR2NYR2o0R3JFSUVoSXNMaFcwdGtiWnA2OFlzZGRpTGVtaU5GdjgxTlNxUFRiVVFrTjdQRkpoTHJTUVJyakpfM21SUklnaEJfT2ZzSUpYempzVngwMEV0Z1pCTVdrQTVEVlNZ0gGcAUFVX3lxTFAwZG9rSzlaZlRBSndjWXFBMFl0Y1lkc3RnRW5DQ1pfWnVLYjBkTnJGVDFMb3VaTjZJaHNGV1p5R29VaW5xMUZKaU1pc2lKaFYwSFQ2SXpQbkNISUVYVHBvTURqRWdPN21HanUtUEFjY2pqdGhCaVBWODNELXdHanRhdWVYSk1lVUtEQ2FpQWhzWV9paVJlSjhPLXFlMA?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 16:16:00 GMT

Palantir CEO Alex Karp Sounds Alarm on China's Deepseek – Could This Threaten Palantir's AI Dominance? - Benzinga
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi6gFBVV95cUxPSFFwbHBWblVQcjhqRHpuenpyRVN4RXZLMDExcVM4NzFLZC1rdDhreEZja3ctTHJGTnhsWmh6Y0x2U1dZRFVJenczTWhsNVEwcGFsWFQ4TENVcENQS0RBcGQ4OGx4V3VHUmIwU0lrZ0ZRYzcwZklrUnlqVU5UeE5wdlhhbkRjWlFiYkNzXzZ4WjRDVVRCbFBjTHF3ekwxYWxfOHlfcXBic3hjbDZ3a2thYWg5VndkTjhvMnRhZlRrdUxrUW9uZXc3VGIwMVBmWE1uX0treWtmQ2p0R3dHeUlrTW9lTm9KZnp5bmc?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 19:30:43 GMT

Stocks defy tariffs, DeepSeek drama to post best presidential term start since 2013 - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMizgFBVV95cUxPS3dhT2RmUk9kM0RDVTFDYUc4N2FveDFWLTJva2EwbVFIeFVxZkdXdk5PbWZ1bjhXOUxkaldqcTdzaXpLekE2M3BnNU5pZEtyTFAyNjlMTUNQOExMNEo0RjlBVlNsQWdQZllYdkMwTlB0S0lUMGUxbG5BZEJZQXZ1bUxHcWQ3c2hLYlpNbDZubjc1cl9ucl9MbUVlcnQ0SXFxVzQzcnBLdzYzNURJbXp3UGtfMTRmRUFDQ2NWS2trdmdhak1TZ1RMTWlUaDRLUQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 12:30:00 GMT

DeepSeek founder Liang Wenfeng gets hero's welcome in Lunar New Year hometown visit - Yahoo! Voices
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigwFBVV95cUxOZ3FtZFNuaUZLd0VuOHd2LWRhZXNUcDMwX3VaYS1fUzhVdlRQZVhfUFNhNEJKRHUzb0ktTjFRSkVCdHkzYXN2T0c2Q3lpRFJHdVVrZEREa08zXzN6Q2ptRm4xeUFkTEhjMjctWGtoYWZlSFRsY3VIb0ZDWVJVUndheVFrZw?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 09:30:00 GMT

Tech giants race to offer DeepSeek R1 on cloud services as demand for open AI rises - The Indian Express
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 03:40:00 GMT

Podcast: DeepSeek reality check; Amazon, Bezos, and the Post; lost in the Microsoft garage - GeekWire
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitwFBVV95cUxQYmhuQ05TYU81b3I2OXRta3dRbGZ2UkNpTjNqdzVMY0JocXl1Qng0Mm5oaGdjVmVsQ2o4Vk5XamRWTVlIWU82RENWY2prZU1NZ3EzLVM0aXVPLWtUZ1lfYllkNlZVMTVKV3RhU0pQLVNZRkFlTlNKSHI0REVXRF9ZemJWQXB3RUN5RWJrN2tNV25ndjhiT3A0dW9iY2IzbXV5UzJWUUxTZ283RW9QcWJ3dG9FcmNTaTQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 15:29:05 GMT

Texas bans DeepSeek, RedNote, other Chinese apps from government devices - Straight Arrow News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiYEFVX3lxTE9lVUo5RXpOelVpcW5NSmlaaEVKSDdCLWVicEpEOTZDeDVybnItWVRyTEtYOTJ0SGxQYmZ2eXBKNW0zYUFpdU03NUxYRDVYS3g4ZkhCcXZlSjhxdFpVd1lEWQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 21:30:00 GMT

Microsoft (MSFT): DeepSeek R1 and the Future of Scalable AI - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihgFBVV95cUxNTHJzMHJLcnZ3UmhwcnFjUWlzNDV3M3FDaGQ0SlhlNkw5WU5CWXY0cXBQVDhpWTNnVkliYTFkV2I0Y0lHajlqbFVVakx2ZDB2bEoyWFZ2UUs3UUl3QXg4Z1ZZZ0w1eXJjZXl2VVNUZjMyZGwxRXV5ZTVfZ3FlX0l2ZUZyVzJQdw?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 14:19:25 GMT

As DeepSeek upends the AI industry, one group is urging Australia to embrace the opportunity - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi2gFBVV95cUxOQXpCalVCcjNRLUwzSU5CZzZNQTRadXpTdjVPcmhOZXlzQllBMXZ4MFY2THFsek50WHRIa09tcFdtRU4yX2U4NDN6QmhnVkJSbWJ1SWFJaU9GeXRHVTlwUzE2dGtCTmo1N004eTdSTFZvdV9lalo1Q2kyT2RSd1BMbVdvQmdOQ1VNbVNTRHl6TUxkdzNONG96SVBLdjNmd2ktVlR3S2djV25TZlNoYVFTcFcwd2g3amNMNzFUUFJxRzdrNkVvczl0bTNibGFGd29HdFdkZGQ1czdHQQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 19:01:32 GMT

The days of US stock outperformance are over as DeepSeek threatens AI returns, Bank of America warns. These 2 'quiet' trades are 'breaking with upside' instead. - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqAFBVV95cUxQS3NSOTdKMUNTX2JqOUxFVlE1UnhuNWVkWTZaRU1raE5qSHowOVFGQWlGeG9QS0tGbVVPWFhFVVlBbU0wWS0tbTYwQmI3ak4zaDROMjltQVMzRER6VDlSSjJQRWk2VEZoOGk4bG93NXFfQUkxWnZjbmJlN0Q1VVo5X29EVkQ3Vng2MV8yX2ZkeTA4QmFWUnJhTWZsQkcyUTlISHd1MFptSGQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 10:00:00 GMT

Korean chipmakers assess impact of DeepSeek - The Korea Herald
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiV0FVX3lxTE9Gb2tjd1ItNlNrZno2aWQ3WWNoMXFndXNod0R4eUJfNHhzVzlzRi1ES3BkT3RrWm5FM2cxWW9HY0RBRjR1NFJuMjZLb0tMSjRJeExfVnE5QQ?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 05:25:51 GMT

Trump and Nvidia CEO discuss DeepSeek, AI chip exports during meeting, source says - The Economic Times
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 16:46:25 GMT

Texas Governor Orders Ban on DeepSeek, RedNote for Government Devices - SecurityWeek
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinwFBVV95cUxPV0s4V3RLbHM2eFBQS3Q0V0JPc3dtMlQzNTVaMEs5ZGs4aHNzZEVKLVJjNDlwY0w5S3BLVURRVEpmcEVlSVp5ZXJJNzlFYXZpM0JEaVNWMnYtOFdnNExMd2JJSzZSQ1FuT2xLMGNhc0JjcmZzalpXMWEyakZiUzd4MVFQT2Jya0dwZnZUd21mcG5XVGo5NEVKa0ZFSGM5SVXSAaQBQVVfeXFMTUc3NDlXQnEzRUYzdjVoRlQxVUYtanRyMFZYUEJtOUY1NkZya3pFZGVob3pNRHlJMENZR1M0SE56aUpmOUd5TmcyRU9SR1R2MTByVlpmOExWRlZVQWpxUE9jdTNHRzVUblhPRktyOE1MNmoyVTBSeTlxVUNVUHBvRDM0VTRjdEJWSUlibm1TYUZwR3VuQVVxWnE3OTN4ZFNDZU1VRUc?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 11:13:01 GMT

Singapore says U.S. firms should comply with export controls following DeepSeek chip questions - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijwFBVV95cUxNbFdDbkFzTWhRS29WeVJSMHJ3b0RuTzBGWDJaNVRYcEh3QXZmZUdubVNsM096bnA0clBaTzJsMEsyeUdZbkhzZXhoZnNLMjBsY0gzOWNnWGc1TU5GUEdmN2sxRlJVOG1YTnZEMkxaU01RNlpIbnhsOHFGdU0wcF92WDQyOWZIRGQzd0I2Vk5oc9IBlAFBVV95cUxNN08tUzdlVmlXeHBIUU9kb05GeTZlZkpSRWtQWmJFZktPTXRhdDRVZHFEODd3WkFvaHdSNFFZbmI4Ui13MFNYVEx4NUduLWM3VkxQeEpnVHEyaUZ3b3d2WS1BeDY4RHRvNjFRSEZLY3ZPSUdnNERnMG9iRGlEdnB0WGItNWZmYWJYTlEyUWdvN3F1OGRG?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 09:19:58 GMT

NVIDIA’s GeForce RTX 5090 Dominates Inference Performance On DeepSeek’s R1 AI Models, Surpassing AMD’s RX 7900 XTX By Huge Margins - Wccftech
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipgFBVV95cUxQZHZoTWZZNkVQOWVvUGVxSkxJTkRDRVR4Uk5NWlgySjFIbXViUUxoR3lGa25zdW0tS0NKMnlyMzQ4TEFLYlFCcUxLNW55c0Y2S0tNQmViX0dwbldKYkhlNHU1Sk5zb3dwLVBKazVkbGRUblZ4V0p0WmlCTmFhcDVjSy03ZGk5T0cyTEgyekZKMzJzblV3UlFpeWJQbDR1Snc2am0yZHJB0gGrAUFVX3lxTE1iTWtxWjNRRmhNRml0aVZBc2FpX0U3ZDB3SW9DWDY3d3Zqb09uY0gtb0t0WFBMWktuakphcWZlblkzcTZFSFFpTUFiLXRHanhES3RFLXlac3FlVnBfRG9iRDJNNU9rNnBya3NVck8ybmloeGxqb0pWRkE2SE9LdmMyaVF2b3BENjc2RE5OazhWb05waDY1TXZTbEFuTWUyYlVkaEpVQXFmUTNDRQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 10:48:00 GMT

Nvidia does damage control, Microsoft slips, and DeepSeek's big week: Tech news roundup - Quartz
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMieEFVX3lxTE40OU53SkdqM1VJTHRiMmM1ZHVUN21jOE5PZnNQU2QyU1VvQVBoRElsekNTWHBpWU1fWjR2TzVIRXlLVlNUWVNmbk9pdFU5T1FNMGlERk1qd3o0UkEtQTVNN29wREhON2doeUZZcTVlejFvTnoyWnF5dQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 14:00:00 GMT

Nvidia does damage control, Microsoft slips, and DeepSeek's big week: Tech news roundup - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiigFBVV95cUxNamlsb0VNbGpmUFpTRTNSaGkzSW1XaUZKYzhORzdTd3FiYlQtQ3lORlV5QV9VTGdXdC1yenVaNzZCVkUzWG1tTTlsMGxPM1BVOWVmQUVDUVRaXzEzNi1URGpoaXNCcm9pRE1yLTlpN0lEdWo1MHBmcEhkU3BaNG4zQnpKeVBWNlFUckE?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 14:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek gets Silicon Valley talking - TechCrunch
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifkFVX3lxTE1mWkh6TUVUbWdXSGczczAyT1BaVXpMTkk3dmFORm96dEZQbFAwd3U4akhqcktMTzZoZ0hMMUxhR2NUdEdINGxobE93NFlSbF9yZS1pYTlIZm9jMEt2VGc0UHkwNlJEOFo2dU9HUnhnV0F1LVNxUmZSazhHemxrQQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 18:02:00 GMT

US Congress blocks DeepSeek AI over security concerns; Italy launches probe - Business Standard
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 10:05:28 GMT

Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang and President Trump met to discuss AI policy, DeepSeek, and hardware export controls - Tom's Hardware
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinAJBVV95cUxQVjVRTXI5VHFnV09DQXVqMF9VbjMyaXRXZFVNUVEzUm10Q2J2aGE0ZHJDQjJfLUM5VkpsbGZNd1hVX1pvUU9HS1V0YWVRRS14Q2toSTZPU2tYMEN4NUVFS3VHX2dnU01WWU1RNkMyZExHYllZdkVHbHY5elQwZTQ5SGd6NUpURUt3SF9pUmQyaWI4d1FfVGw5OWJxVXRvN1BEM1R0cmVMU3VRdmNmR1pQNEZacGpwcUU2eXcydXRJbVpyc21QRGY5QUlsN2RmQmU5REhaSkhmdE5vT0Zsb2VGbnl5NDRpOGQwcDJ1ME1PdW5BdmY3dENicU5BTEV4UEVWWG5CRFF0Yjg1SEMzcFJpRVpkcW9Cdm5sMjg2OQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 14:09:12 GMT

Who is Liang Wenfeng? The founder of DeepSeek, China’s OpenAI competitor that took the US by storm - The Times of India
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 08:21:00 GMT

The fuss over DeepSeek - by Joseph Lavoie - Power Shifts - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxOempzbWFsa1JsZC1fZ2cyclhiNmM0bGJ4X0ZKMUhNanU3MVBBZ3Z5TlV5eDFBcms0WU9TMzNFMEFaUEhWMXFRMk9weUtJQk15UFRubGxMYTcxTUJ4YjZneWo5NUVmang2SlVGU1FuNElYQXZmX09JYWRzNjA0dmJnRw?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 13:03:10 GMT

US to investigate DeepSeek chip source - 台北時報
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidkFVX3lxTE5XMzRiTTlWdWFuLVBQbXFvcnZ5cEtINGdoakhraVBldlJhUzFTSXlBUnp0NmtWUnBublpOQUM5Y1VBMjdVaGFXdzRKeXAwQlhUNHRvOVZvb2h6Q1EwMmowakVFOUwybkxyQ0ppeENnZjhhMnFkbWc?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 16:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI Predicts XRP Price Will Reach £24 in the Short Term Due To Several Bullish Factors - IBTimes UK
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuAFBVV95cUxPMWJYMDl6dXNraXhrLWJ4SjRZclpEUV9ObFA2cVVKdHR0VVRhQnEtQWF3MU5JQzRiRVNHTmtDUG1xckFWWnlRS1VlNko2TTI2Y1drbmwyMEZDSlNWSUhHQWxDMTZFWW96cmZHV2tnaktwWXE5YzBIb2g0TUVpMWhPb1FfVUd6WXZlZkN4RWQ0Z3U4eDJ5NXBwNlVSODBrQnhjdGxJQXEzUzdwMUYzUlh2OFNuVWozQzMt?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 17:29:00 GMT

Nvidia’s $500 billion market value loss to DeepSeek, layoffs at Amazon & Microsoft, SEBI’s crack down on - The Times of India
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 04:53:00 GMT

Exxon, Chevron Brave DeepSeek Risk to Chase AI Future as Oil Glow Fades - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihgFBVV95cUxQYnRBeGdyb3BMQXUwYi10NTFfb3JDTkFOWGpBaHF1VFQ0N1JaTEw1VGRpNjZXMm1RZDR0cFFjUFdWU0xBaFIyRWpBc2YySmhfY1BNVTJ5MVAxU2F0VDNNQ084TDJ3X01ZOTY0R3FSUVlCei1tWTlxcjhkay1ldDVNX2c2MXpjdw?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 14:00:00 GMT

Government agencies banned from using DeepSeek, digital ministry says - 台北時報
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMieEFVX3lxTE9YRU5JNWUzOVllam1vWFRvcTZHTTA2cEJjY3FtMDJXNGNOVHMxZ3VKdS1QbUg4RVRfQ0NDb3hjYXhnVVExM2hCWi1pQ3paRk5fc3JmU3gxODNNeVB4cFRoUUNKUzIyRWJXcnU5RENQN3Y1U1Q3cHNQZg?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 16:00:00 GMT

Texas governor bans Chinese AI platform DeepSeek on state devices - CBS News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipAFBVV95cUxQTjBfdmVReDRNU1JrYzY2U0x3dkhRSW5NeTFVOWZ2ZmNNNFJacTlHYzVsckFBZll0X1BlQ2tFQXM4M0c4cFc3VTJiTGNlQXhTcGtoOS04T1loZ1YyS19NUjNnWk43YUd1V3dHOEVNam11cTZDMjJxS0xWQzkzYUxVQjgzRmExLV9TMlFsNk12QlM1LWk0dm5YdFF3ZEtrbXRpQjZmSg?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 02:20:00 GMT

ICYMI: the week's 7 biggest tech stories from DeepSeek rocking the AI world to Garmin's major outage - TechRadar
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixwFBVV95cUxQLUZQVWdJNl9hT2dja2xHaTVGRjdlWXZxT09xangtOURVVkFXU1lRUHlKa3pjZkxLNEp3SUVaWTZ0eHczeGp6SHhGemprejM1VGFIVXZYSlpNYXNxd3JBYWRfMWF2bmlUclZiejQ3Y2NCZXAtWFpWdmJWNS03MGcyY3BiYzktckhsSnAyMWxWX214dXJ1TkJoVFRoRXpMSXpzOEdwc2JqbW9zOWktQ3V5X3o5WTVUQkQ5a1ZwMjh3RVVNMEJKRXdv?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 10:48:29 GMT

How DeepSeek caused a financial market frenzy that changed AI forever - ABC News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMingFBVV95cUxPZENyODdPVzNDTVdYcWxwT1ltWFhJMHBPQnlnbnctQTh4MlhTYmRtS053X1hDc2VZUmNHUWxPcjlPZFBPQXo0UDEzX0NqVWNlZTZxaFZxV0NwUlltUEdUUWs1SExoQzJXb2JpZHh6N1dlMnJNLUJjcm4tb3VmUVNOOUliSkRkVzNmZDI3RG5VR2liNXlXLWctUE81enRGd9IBUkFVX3lxTE1KVm91d29UUE5LRTM1RmU5SXR4NVhPWWxQaFZkWWlHbl9IZkxtS2pCYzdMMDFZaHdJVy01SG1LQk50NFdBU1hwQ2JDZ004Z3RhbXc?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 19:08:03 GMT

Taking a deeper look at DeepSeek, the small Chinese AI startup shaking up Silicon Valley - Local News Matters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixwFBVV95cUxOR2pRZ0xfUmZMLXV2cElCckcybDR2SnVMdXI2MnU5NEpyWktBeFNIbVltMVZvY09aRWE2VFNHMWJPNTU3eEVMWlQ2ZnlYN21pcjVIX1lSSHVEN2xCZVo1X1N3WHlnY200VUVRWXU4YkNFVUExWU1qQUNHV09xdHpDaklXRVpQRGVfanB1RnJZSTg5N2NNY2E2UlVrR2FKWW1pb3FzM01Ebkw5bVJBb0FLX25naWVmbGtrUEpOeU9NQ2swTUJ0cTJF?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 00:00:00 GMT

Alibaba claims its AI model is even better than DeepSeek - The Australian Financial Review
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxOM0ZWUmdldHdPLVhNaUZVeUxhdU9DTFp1Y1pydTB0NjRGMnVlY0JHQnY5WFpkVHhLeEt2bTBQN1A5a0kxb19Idk14OVM1NTVITldrOTExU1NjZm9QSlllcWNRcXpoMkJySjBpczJCaXFkWVhCTzRjYWdtSlUtaExCSWdZNTFYQW1pMzVXeXhLdUk2V3VfRUYxNUg5WTh2cmNmVGc?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 01:25:00 GMT

Texas governor bans Chinese AI platform DeepSeek on state devices - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuwFBVV95cUxOWTE1SHNOU2JmdFJJNEFNVW5OdGt3NmJqcHpTNWdIOHlWZncxUG4tRlc5M1JDSTUwb0plZDQwVU5xbmd3LXk4TnBGUW5HdG9xZTdhMVljeWR0SU42WDN2MUZFWl9uQzBtV1dUMkkzcmZPVk92SnMwY3kxMkZaUElHOWQ4aFZlVzRrUy12WUxvaUNRMXRRVGhQVm1HOXJ3dFFCZl9Hc0hMZXdhek44VjdYaEFvR19pVXBjRHE4?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 02:40:28 GMT

Retired, or nearing retirement? The DeepSeek scare should be a wake-up call. - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikAFBVV95cUxPWldFc2NEMjBXNEZ1aFl5cjFDQl9PazJLbmlrTmRiTjRDVU9xekU1UjNGQVR1VVNQWXNmbm1zMlpoVDdGZXNqVUp5dkZwUmRwbEpLeU5uZ2U4ZE1fX05OREZ6UEM0REJ6dVdxWW83NGEwS0lIUjdPdDA5SUZleFd4Z1A4X3I4RC1CY3BFb3FkTXU?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 14:48:00 GMT

Nvidia giving away free AI courses worth up to $90 and no, it's got nothing to do with DeepSeek's ascension - TechRadar
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi3wFBVV95cUxQN0RDaDlRMFN0UnBrbWw2TXZrLWNOS1d0WkhMQm5TdGN5TVFkNHRqMkNVdlJpb1l1LUkzOXNGZ3lFSTJ4NWNvVXJTWmw1MnVtSW9zaVdITDFUMnBJOUpBXzZiRFA2RnBIWWxLaTZjQXA0eVhhbzNQQnJXeVhEcmhHVVVTX0pHUkNSYTFZd1ZwczVLb0VXQk1TT0RBR0EzdXY3aFBseHhHM0ZiSEJjWTdiaGctaE5YX05MZVRMS29FakNXZ3lDdEszUU13dFJUV3pmNVNfNHRRNENNYU9xOVE0?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 14:02:00 GMT

Apple: Huge Winner From DeepSeek Innovations (NASDAQ:AAPL) - Seeking Alpha
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilAFBVV95cUxOeEpGS3IwdWFsSnRSeTU3bzNnRGZOTURlc05GRFVDUFQyNk9ScU04WmFhLV9VTVBlam9vNmhKS0NYMkNtYlBybkNoUFhrb2cycUlTUi1fZGtPSXBpaFV4Rzc3VzlpeHNaS0p4bXpDMGhZZk5UUGpmV0FfejA4dW5POHF4VVI3cjhxbjVNNHJtci1vc3J3?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 15:13:00 GMT

DeepSeek's Deep Shock to US AI Leadership - Fox News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiVkFVX3lxTFAxM3dDNE9VOG8wM0tFcE9JTjBKYjY5YXN1eVJFVWpxUW5HcjByWnZFcTYxbUVEbTJhQUc0MThsZzhEdFVmM2Z4UHBSbjM4LUVnNlY1TnBR?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 19:31:15 GMT

DeepSeek's wide adoption a market-driven choice: AI observers after NASA becomes latest US agency to block the platform - Global Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiYkFVX3lxTE9ucFJmTlU5U1gydW81bzJLcmFSQlNEMjBXMFFFYy0xLWE0NXpTdDVzRmFWRDlWblVhTjhTclVBT2w4aU8zQkhnWllWS29mbWZrNlZQMURmc2tETldab0RfdF9B?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 09:08:00 GMT

I tested ChatGPT vs DeepSeek to plan my Super Bowl party — here's what happened - Tom's Guide
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqAFBVV95cUxQSXlxVkNjc2E2cm1sTnpwOEdFazY3Vzg2SDBERElLd2gyZkFyel9VYVpNNFQ3dFRLVVJyVXdKUDZqN05zTWFKZXdkc1FZWDlJZVFpQ0RUUXVYa0xVczdjQ1duYTFLN2JGWVlrS3JWSDVYampJUmlWaVpFYkJQTVkzVzc0TURiRUhWTWJ6TVNqQU12SVhFVmRMV0gzdlpSZUNhYVFSTHhfYzI?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 09:30:00 GMT

Exxon, Chevron Brave DeepSeek Risk to Chase AI Future as Oil Glow Fades - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivwFBVV95cUxQLXdEVEk4ZWd5cmFEYWhnTkZfTU4ycXZfTDducGFTclpxOXNuaEpHSzRMbmd5eC15am5kSEFNV3drM3J2UVNqTkNLdXRuNjB2TDhKVjZxX2czamdSTXlmNm1CMUt1dEpndENaYWhDQkprdHFZNWRaQUF5VFpPZ05Ga0dEWGV0b2s0LWVhdjZrVEk2a1ExMnMtOTRUN0c5S1dZY2YyQjc2TjRkYmJjeXFBWTQxNEFIT0ZBWmhzcERHYw?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 14:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek lights a fire under Silicon Valley - TechCrunch
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxQaVhXQThVS3NOOUtvR0J3QUs2T3ZLWlR3S3UwWTlzNFQ3b1VvNUw0eDNkLWdKT21yajBNMjdWR3V6Zzl3eHZYOWdQWXJDc0NQWk5rMi1FeXZkZ05MbzMyS3pkdnpyd2I4SnpLa1F1X1VONG5rNHpHWlk5UjZWS2NWTg?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 15:00:00 GMT

How DeepSeek is upending AI innovation and investment after sending tech leaders reeling - New York Post
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikwFBVV95cUxPd2ZnMnNwSWo2ZGhVSUJuNHd5S1Y3WUNWSkM4a0h5aHZQWU8tdzdlaW9pb25RUnI2cEwyZGtTemo5VUgwTDNHLVppNkw2MXdsbTRnb0UteHhtaHgxV043ZE9ZeG5aLUlCTzBGSHc1TFJzaHJsZENObzMxdTlvaEcyaG9vSjlRSTFWYXJEelF6RkRETnc?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 15:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek seen as door to cheaper AI by Middle East companies - The National
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivwFBVV95cUxPNE9EYy1Ibl9kbG9ZLTVoeHVYN0dRdzQ3ME9OT2dnamNjeURvcXdBMDVZeUI2bElZV0JEMFFUMndWOXkxdzdubkpQRzFHLV9QdUpmRi13T2ZGWlJPOFZBU0NOM3JFSEFRUFNTN0p2ZUZVNE1zbG01Y3p0WkxGNnFjYVhsZDRGUXhBVWFJY1RHd1FnTmFHRmwyZDFNdVF0N29jeDhid2NXWERJNWZDckE5SjhBbl9CMEc3NURJODBUSQ?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 04:02:23 GMT

From OpenAI’s O3 to DeepSeek’s R1: How Simulated Thinking Is Making LLMs Think Deeper - Unite.AI
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipwFBVV95cUxNc0l5bGRwX1BwSFJvTDE2SElPQWlHeHc0cURMekJJeFVPSXc0bkFjOC1TMkFSVk4xRUtJZ0NBODc2Wjdsb3lmSHM2YkJUUkFYZlNkUG5zalNndXNrcDVhRUN4eTNWZnNXUVlsVjkyMXNWakJoNFRhaS1LMU83VjVwTEVlRnlJcWp2WlFUTVBjcWJiSTI5TXptMkVocU04aWlPMUdvbUYzRQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 17:34:21 GMT

Bitcoin Holds Steady Amid Market Turmoil: DeepSeek's AI And Fed’s Impact Explained - TronWeekly
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMie0FVX3lxTFAtQzFhUW5FeGtwTVcyeDVValZvNTFzUndhc1pQRnU5dTUyNUFaTDZRWDNiOUl5RDBNM3J0Z1BNVnB2VTZzQTMya19XY0xlZktFTW5fczFtWm83cHhNRXhlcUZqV3NIVnJUc3VQNks3OTRpVV8wQXdaMGtCZw?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 20:30:00 GMT

Are These AI-Heavy Vanguard ETFs Still Good Picks to Buy in the Wake of the DeepSeek Drama? - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilwFBVV95cUxPMF9rT0VTOS1XVUJBZVhVb05sZEFnUl9mdEkwZzN4SENpYjhBMEZhLXF2NHhPVXJIN3dEcWxxaWxXQVRPZ1Jjd0U0d3pFLXFzS0x1N2ZVMFo4U2xmTUYwMWpLNXg3dmRVemdSX2lxbVFSREM1Q1FmYXR2cUo3UG5ZOWlkRzVMX0RXNDJLbm1GaHNpbGFTZ3Aw?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 09:47:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI Startup Disrupts Global Tech Markets - Evrim Ağacı
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiigFBVV95cUxOaTlmMmdKR2pNeUZabjJUSHpFbTJKdEtDUGxPMUhBWUhRaGRaR3cxcnJfU0UxUjFFQklkVjlUbEx3NlNrbC02YXhmN05rTk9KMUpRTWIyaTJFT0FCYkE0WW5YbEhxZWd1TGdJb2JYdndpMW94V2FvYXliQnl3TWg5aExPYzlXRFgtUUE?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 06:10:40 GMT

As DeepSeek builds up heat, OpenAI releases a cost-efficient reasoning AI model; here's what it can do - The Economic Times
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 20:00:23 GMT

AMD: DeepSeek's Perceived Efficiency May Drive Demand For Cheaper AI Chips (NASDAQ:AMD) - Seeking Alpha
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisgFBVV95cUxQRndldzZtY2lwZ0hLMjh4bXFYOFBSRVoxaUFXQ1hMenBrdFpyUmlRTjEySEVMSGVtMXlLY3JmZ3ZqX2lhallNTXhRTUJiM1FoRXh3eHFNRU0tN01NZ19IY05ZbmI2TXVOQ0UzVXptejRXb05KcTdZZWJucExKcWh2MGo3LVU4eGVPUG1ZT0trblV4VmxCdzl3V2RQVWR5ZkJyM3c0VTBjYTdCcHZnMURmc2xn?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 15:00:00 GMT

10 AI Stocks on Wall Street’s Radar After DeepSeek Breakthrough - Insider Monkey
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxQQVlhZ28yM3ZQeHFiMG5femVxUTc1SEROXzJhOE9UaE1nRnczWkc1eWJnYVlOc2VVeDFNNWdXVnZqWUtoNHBfUVpsSFd6Zkh1a0FJaGJ6ajlUQ1E4cGMwajU4el9LOWg3OWZkVmJEcDlXaG02WnNUbXRZSUxUYXYxdkVvb3FfT1c2Y3dBV2hiRWtONjZEQVNXTGlfb191bTV3M1VodV9INFRCZ9IBsgFBVV95cUxNREFXYXYzc1JJUTJvbnFNdWNUWUFQR2EzdjlPWGV6emltakJqTW1kYUtRNzRWU0U2OTNpZjF1TlVBUUh6WFpBTkxCZDdnTHF6YnBPa2R4cHE3NkYwTko5UEU1MnNadkhRb19yb29fNGFuM3prektJcGpxdTRDbEdSTXA2VzlWNnR3NHNuNE9TekJOVEJGZDdoYzN4Ql9xRV9nX1ZyRFVRV3FCYWw2SjF2dlFB?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 18:50:28 GMT

Oh, So Now We Care About Copyright? OpenAI Drags DeepSeek for Alleged Model Theft - IBTimes UK
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirgFBVV95cUxNdFBLN0dJNEFBXzJDY3d4YlM3aTFGbS13Y1czM1BzajRkZXhsMDFSRU1ncHQyaTNtTy1ueW5HcUs2ODVFbXFCTlJhU1hwdzlBb05GM1gydGFHOTY1UlF4UzJPc3ZlcF8wbHh3WURZWWQ0b3hFMXZYa1VPOTM0Tlp5TFNXRkdZbFFybnZVYzhPZ01JRlVQcXRwem9nUXhncUI3UFdGZVh3UHRIenBtU0E?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 18:14:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI Model Challenges U.S. Tech Dominance - Evrim Ağacı
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihwFBVV95cUxPYm9BTDZmelU3NlNDbEVHdnBJSzNyZkNxTllnNzZzVEczREZKU21ud01mTGtpR3E2S3NadU5HT2NnbGk2Qld2SGVKbGozNTJXWloxOWs1aGhYVDhaNkJyY2d1UjRqV0NGN2ZoRGktd0Y4d1VIaGtqcklQbkFaOEh2ZjZjZUVKWjQ?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 01:08:38 GMT

DeepSeek app holds top global spot in downloads, led by India - The Economic Times
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 14:17:15 GMT

DeepSeek Fails Every Safety Test Thrown at It by Researchers - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirwFBVV95cUxNOGdQck9raEV6Q1NTY1lIZmRXaEd0OUZSckhOZjV4WTRzYmpSYjhkbU5UaEhaRDBHX3czVzZpeUNRVFk1eC1JRWtSczYyLWJfYTY0bUtWdTVCOGl2ZEZad0xOdW5sSGQxcmpUMW1Pam5kMWcyWEhJM0RZT01tYkJTeHNOSFFXTzlFemRjeEJzZWJISGpkdFlKU09WUVNEb3llOHlBVi0wTUl2M1FkaTJJ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 22:37:18 GMT

U.S. Investigates DeepSeek AI Amid Export Control Concerns - Evrim Ağacı
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilAFBVV95cUxNS2o2d3dJaEVSemNRUTlhYl9GTUZyYWZGTXZ5WUlsNkdDamRzajlUR0JvRGd5dG9VVEhKcXpDZ2tDUXZ2eE9RX0UxNEFvcUxUekpQdms5eUE3a3V1ZFlfYWw2S3F4Y2VXTmQ0ZG00LU96R0JCeXJyVE9NaHM1dnYxT0dCd0Z3cEE2XzdoZng4UnVMODR6?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 14:31:41 GMT

Jim Cramer Discusses These 10 Stocks & DeepSeek’s Limitations - Insider Monkey
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipAFBVV95cUxNa1FmNzNWLW8yRmJDTHhzNzgxLVRQQ3JXbkFxNDBDbXcwNk9wcWVzVE9QUkJPTHB3UGJTV0pvdl9hWElZT3BEclk4WU9HajNHSkRZcUVyam5PWmYtWTlRZXYyQXo4bEZGRXBiR2FfU1R2MDFzWUwzYkxuMy1NeUZSOXBCVXZZbEhGcEF4U0ozVlB4emZpSUowSGpmSGYxNmpIN216cdIBrAFBVV95cUxPWVZnbVZSSDFkZWhhcjcyZTlRZVhaQjQ1M29GdG1QVV9uSFVMdEJOVEJJdmthUTdDaGVUOGp5azIwMG11QkpQNG5vZkR0OTFqdm5IZVZXUDc3Z1VBc3UtRTVGUG1NT2NyQnFNck5CSENoVkFtOTRQai1HdlBLX0hNamVRWFN6eFFwNnU3M0phbFh2cWdUZGpiSkVUZFc5Zk9ZLUt1S3NNTHd6WWdj?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 18:12:12 GMT

DeepSeek is Chinese monitored AI - The Sunday Guardian
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMie0FVX3lxTE55c1FjSVZBbzlCZVU1cXRYdjhJUGk4aHE3VndHQTVBaWt0RFdOVF9pYnBGcFp2ZEJKNktJNFRuc3poUmxma0pJNldkdFp2ZHJadXo5TmxkSV9jLUxsUnpibXdHbGZQYnY4bWZrcHdGckdxRS1ic1huNzVxRQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 20:22:52 GMT

Taiwan Restricts Use of Chinese AI DeepSeek Amid Security Concerns - BusinessKorea
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidEFVX3lxTE83YUZtOGZ3ekJ1QlZXRXFycUtMc1J3WnZUakhxcTExVHZGMjRVMUJzVmdTaEU4cWFUT0VfVDVlamI2NlNZRE9TdEFBeFR4RDlGZnhtYnJqZ0RCOFFUdF9YSUJzeHgySURUa1ROTFE5SXJpZzJZ?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 01:56:29 GMT

Social media: Government actors deliberately drew attention to DeepSeek - table.media
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxNX1VfV1lTYmVKMVBtazBmQ1A1aWwxY2FYUVIxM3hQV0gxU28zV0c4VXloa0FYMmZpMTYtT0JCdThFRTlrMnI5Ujdfb3FXYTdRZEtSN2hkVU5aazVRaENVWUF1SnU2ZFFMaGR2dVRvRnVUR2ZSZ0Y2anVFTTljYmhjanl0WUNrZkctWnRGX09NSnl5MlhjNkJRbXlBOE5TWEtZQlE?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 08:00:00 GMT

5 big analyst AI moves: Apple, AMD cuts; DeepSeek selloff a 'golden' buy window - Investing.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiywFBVV95cUxPY1ZiczBDWXRNcWJtc05fVkdkUHFDTTBYWEtseVlTZzVvN3VJSVd5dDhNdUkwUE1RXzl6RktSVVF0cmxNc0R4RXJxOTBjWFdZMTZJMTdrWDhJZnJGOHBvcnR5TWRYRHVDaXRNRXh2MlVjWFJ4TndoVlhjNHZyQXFRX2JKcGNFeG1wT000YzZOMjdkN2VVSGEwb0pYcVlXSmtpZ2FuTDNESXVic3Y5dmEtWVZ4d1pheXJteVBmbFp5Unh5Z1FVZUVTUFQ3Yw?oc=5
Published: Sat, 01 Feb 2025 10:06:07 GMT

Editorial: China’s homegrown DeepSeek success reveals S. Korea’s AI talent crisis - 조선일보
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihwFBVV95cUxPcDRfWHlTRzJqb1E1anpWM25vUTlxUGZYQUdPOU5MdGs0bEZYVUZEY0Rya2ZhckpER1ZnYWotZXRCQmt0ZlE5dVZINjhudUI0RXkzU3Ywb1FhX1NKSkRmMjVQOGdxb2ZXdkl5VWFWNkU3akFiQ3NEVHQ5Y2xwZ2tnVm9SSUJWcEE?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 00:01:46 GMT

How DeepSeek panicked the U.S. stock market and upstaged OpenAI - XDA Developers
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigwFBVV95cUxPZTJmRDRUdGdyZnhoZF91MDJVclVWYVlyOXZUTTBnU3dLWFBhMkZDNEtpNlpOOEJJQm92TFU0c243TWk5Q2cwWHIwQi1jb1loWWhTeEdQYWZ3Wkw0WHZvblo2c3dLN2ZZSVY4RU9EeENXOG84dDJYVHRfN00yM1hMdkF5UQ?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 02:18:00 GMT

DeepSeek dilemma: Taiwan’s public sector ban highlights global AI security concerns - Radio Free Asia
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTFBIZ1l0SFJMTklaSFVxMllxSGpudzJYOUx6N3JRYXhsdjNXY0x5SWdPeDBrSW55WF9GdDNhY3JId0pHWF85VlRuT2lZYi1vdkdJd0RMTEU2MWpVbmswb2ZyTEJsTndwRWQ2eTZLb2JpTjZ4MDJpak5pYi1NeW8?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 03:57:01 GMT

DeepSeek gives Europe's tech firms a chance to catch up in global AI race - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi0AFBVV95cUxOeU5VYjRUVHM3THNtTGh0MFRuUEVQdGlfT0ZDSENVRUhoRGk1dWQ0NGxqWEQ2U2JJb1NRWnB6TmlRVHdiV2xyZkNKcDI5S1A5bE5sRDJsemkySE11ZXVYVW1mNEludUpmZ3psbEFOSXFEUXo4WDJsalc0QkRWLVN4RFZKaWVWU013a3ZPc0JPbHQ5bDhfRncyWWRtcWhObXlrYzBZVUJZdDBlTDdFamc0TEU5RFRsTU5TUXFyRkI2TEJXSmp2QlhWRnZqYllmMnNw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 06:06:00 GMT

Everyone’s Rattled by the Rise of DeepSeek—Except Nvidia, Which Enabled It - The Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMif0FVX3lxTE5EejVHcllLczNQN3FlNU1HdWpWQzZWeEp1QktFNFhZWmZFMnA3MF9HNnAzMms0TVRfSmFxdVdiT1J6b2o4dnlKNVo0a0xlbUpVd0NzNzJUUktWY2hmdGMzLVd6V3E0NXlWUzJCN1J4Q2wyWXNpbGM4bExpb3FoTG8?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 02:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek data leak exposes more than 1 million sensitive records - Straight Arrow News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijAFBVV95cUxPSElTakZ1TWp3bkcxNEtjczhtWUYtOHNjZ0RqX1NVaFBhRDQyN0Q0SjJtbmh3eHdOWjE5Ni1MSkF0SG1vSE5OWTIzQjhWcWx6VzNFQWxGRW03OEJob1JZRGFGOUc0Z0xPcVZuSVAzc253akplajFVNno4UlZ3VThQSkF6VHNtMU00WmJ5NQ?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 18:21:44 GMT

Researchers say they had a '100% attack success rate' on jailbreak attempts against Chinese AI startup DeepSeek - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilwFBVV95cUxPUWwycUpyY0hEWVVVLVJXVDN5bVZ6YlZieWF3dnZUdkx4b0VIWmVHajRwSHU5S3hobmpXbElQcHV5MXczaFoyem9zQlVNRENmcDdmWVY5ZUdTeEI5eGs5TUVQeE1FcUR0MDNVakpQekVZeUJETi1mOWRPa0F2SDliSlYyQUtiOWFxcVN6Uk1ZOS1wb19OUGdz?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 23:22:00 GMT

How DeepSeek and Open Source Models Are Shaking Up AI - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiswFBVV95cUxPSldOZDJTT05fOUVqaTMtOVI0Vy1sOU9tcUtoT1RGcS1uVXBDVmRtN3Z6VXU5cmtNLWJhSHFUTGtUeWZWa1U4VmMtcDRPSzRuMWNKVURkVGxRRjNvV293MldnTE1WVktGWVB3eWlOcVdKVmFNZkRIek5kSDdqRWZCR2pQcUpXdlJlQzA0RUNZWjFMT19TSHJPaDB5aGU2ZkhQb0ZhUGxRZnRQMXRWOGJzTWltRQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 00:58:00 GMT

DeepSeek Just Changed Generative Artificial Intelligence (AI) Forever. 2 Surprising Winners From Its Innovation. - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxNUF8xY2VSWmtyaS02aGtCU214RTNxS1JIU0FidXJPSTJIUWpZNnpPZ2xqT1FUalVWcW41aDZFZExqdDljbk9aVFNPaWV3eEdtQUFOVnpDb3pVRWFPNzBVN0o5NTctSWFrcXpyNjkyUkJETGQ3TVN4a1lxeFhEOEZaODdRa05SaFJvTzV0cUJpOEVaeFJObjBrcg?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 17:15:00 GMT

DeepSeek 100% fail: Chinese AI model could not stop a single harmful prompt - Interesting Engineering
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijAFBVV95cUxPUlMzU2N0NE50ZXFfd21fV3AzbURGYXRYWEEzNXRTbERaT1E3Vk8wTURVREdOaUktV245X3kyV3lXUFY3Y3VzaVg4Z2N3X0NMWndBN3FYNmpxM3pvcWRQMXg1NkhHcU5GRDRscXBHV1hjR0JpMmRBSmtVVmkyMlNfeXhfejBDLVRKR1Fzdw?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 08:17:00 GMT

How to run DeepSeek R1 on Mac and Windows for free - BGR
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTE9YMUdZTWw3dHBXc2VMQjJCOHBvRkluWkJ1N3IyVXNrLU81MWk2YkI2cXVuS2s0QTIxTmxnOUFtOFJNSHhmdmdyNWlkT0daWW5pa1hvWC12X1J5OFlUNU05QzBnUk9TNWFhM2tOeURsS2JpUkJub2pUZjRKM2E?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 17:06:00 GMT

European AI alliance unveils LLM alternative to Silicon Valley and DeepSeek - TNW
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihwFBVV95cUxPRGxqYkN5QmVrbDNCMDBRMWZjZU9oSExveGctVjByME54dnNBVWFnUmFYeWNMQlN6MXBKZk90eS1FdFBPYkI0Yk1Gd2JzT0RuZ2NBelVPdHh4RmNEeW1KUzBFenQ4V1JHaktCektfWVNUWlBvZ0hxQVg4SXhIQjRTdzlQTEF6LWs?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 02:00:00 GMT

Fareed’s take: DeepSeek’s new AI model is more than a Sputnik moment - CNN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihgFBVV95cUxOelBPRnlranFkcU56Mlh1VXBQdlhtT0owQjZ5WVo5bDhRaVFaNnNrSktKYS1HWGlQODhuVEFINmNCR0ZxazJlWUFYYWZ3WTU4SjBybk5xbnEySU1UWUM1UVpXQU1GQUxDTHBqWFZwR3U3VFpDSTVBSEZjWHBFUXphSjBwS3N2UQ?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 17:04:56 GMT

DeepSeek might not be as disruptive as claimed, firm reportedly has 50,000 Nvidia GPUs and spent $1.6 billion on buildouts - Tom's Hardware
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimgJBVV95cUxOaTNQU0hRbDRqN0pDNXNUODZTWThCbktXR3FNTUtZZ0VKOVZ6WHowRXlvdlJDRUplUUZQU29qSkR6b0dRaEw0YU5keFlvd3B3UWpGTEVUZXZjX0FyY2lTaGo4SFU2R1VLMUZ2dy02dU0yS3hXd2RQWUNOcjhlWjhoWjBZOTlrT251cHVWakxtak5ycUg0bHNhUURycjBfUmQtUjdEbXVGaEtIVThzYjdfNEpDaXBrQ1NVY3RRM2p5TGdkcDZLZkpKRnh2YTdXREw4MmJmSmpmYXBXX0Fhd0NUTlpiNy1iWjdnQ1l2Z0IyNjc4VXluRU82Z3BwRl9rdzJNNUFFVnVDaUVZMXcyc2c0RVlaQVhCeXhZWFE?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 18:02:44 GMT

Chinese AI app DeepSeek was downloaded by millions. Deleting it might come next - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxOMjYwc2ROQkl3aFNtX2hhMlpYOV91T3V4S0dkZEdwU1ZUVTl2NUFVQkFsVHJKYnByZE1jRlgzX0NLWmtzbXVUZ0hUVFYxSUJoSzJ3Ulp6QWJteF9QRmtINGxyQl9GUld2ajAteUJMd0dVUGtTTlpIeXhiSXJuQjZSQXplSmhLTXZudldwdVlFNU0yM1Rwdk5Tajl6RjB3eTNXX1Mxa3NNbS1Sd9IBrwFBVV95cUxONnlhX3pLV1BaZ1YwUkRBejJPSEZ5dGw2Wk1XNXE5Nm0zcHVCaVo2WHBrQjM4ZlVKcGRqZkVYOHRZOGZLa0ZiMk9ERnR4eDNpLTB0eHUxckZHQnAzTXRUS1Nmd2R2WWl3NmJGU3ZFVHlBVDNZVkllYXJDX0NndFVJd2x2ZUtwcXVQWjQzalFmNXpxLUxNRUM0ejlHZy01M01kLVA4QkhnLTlYZWpOcVpv?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 15:21:20 GMT

Warren, Hawley Call on Trump Administration to Quickly Address Export Control Failures Revealed by DeepSeek Breakthrough - Senate Banking Committee
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi_AFBVV95cUxQbXg3OFBjWVJDalhsZloyVkF1cW5Dby1idEthMC00ZHdPWk0wZ2w2MW1FWmxmNGN6T3ZkSEhLRTZ6MnhSRG5CVnQxTi1GLURQU3UwNzlGSGl2eWEyYmh6NG15TVVHQlZzYU9iTGpwZWRINlVKblFNbWlvNDJ3VjdMeFdyYzZZcko3Rk1mZV9PR0FCeFVXa3hDWDktT0lSakVlVFJkVkc1RkE0dWVZZGMzeHNLQk52UWdnNHptZXZQcTlCT0h4YXlOM2g2ckZ5Mnk0cXBWUEJ0cm11LU1yV0NfaFlrcnN3VlJKckNDXzI2bGszSVNhX2xMcjIwdWY?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Texas Bans DeepSeek, RedNote, Lemon8 on Government Devices - PCMag
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxPVW1NcEhrWi1pX2t6aVY4LXVfWE9feWM5QTNHS3A3RWJzU2Y0SEI4c1dPeTExTEpPb0xuZlhZS1ZTYmtWYkRQVGxjUDdjSkt4Y1hqTmFiVkdoX2hMT3MxWDdaYXp1LTQ3a0htS2FBQk02bHZJZVZ2NmVENkpvNnprZjhOV2dFaEFfakk4?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 19:18:45 GMT

DeepSeek founder Liang Wenfeng receives a hero’s welcome back home - TechCrunch
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxQa0lPR2lrNTlMb2FURXZEcDlia3VMMkRrT0FseGtucm0zTm9xYXhaQmNXempSdUZrSUlZOWM2aU1IREtnRVd4OUZnUjhrcTZnQU0waHVKN1lqdXBoVmN6RlF0M3FPYVl4c2cyNUZJS2ptLUhCdHEzZlcxdWxmLWZtcnhnMS1HUzRSaXVJUmt1cDNTbXBZa0NfbzFEYzA4ekVJaHc?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 03:19:59 GMT

Texas becomes first state to ban DeepSeek, Rednote on government devices after fury over China-backed apps - New York Post
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisAFBVV95cUxQVWM4MXFPMldldU5kdFlFRFpkUUtLNDZRR3NXNU5rZHVJQnZVLWZ6YmJjeGZZR3A5M280NkNDVzVMTWRmMmdCUHhsY01PWTJ2SThfTEZWT1hRWnJQa3QyNVFzc0VrdGJUbUQ1NEY4bHl6Z01nRkdDTTdSSnVkVG5PZUlfWHlFXzVRQ241RDk2R2xJRy1LbURFcklaZnNia0owRzE5UUhmWjJRT0N1RGI4cw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 03:52:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI models debut on platform powered by Huawei - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 11:00:07 GMT

DeepSeek decoded: 5 myths and realities about the Chinese AI startup’s rise - The Indian Express
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikwFBVV95cUxNX1VFLS1VSExfeER2OHNPeHEwM3lsa3Nsa2czQTFZZlZ5TWd2WHhNbExOWjZoT3Z5U1JMQjNSRUdCOHlRWHZCNGNuQy1QQ3BUbG9xOGhsNnJLbVN6ZVRLeHRjOThoMkM5eDIyMEFwbWNoRUZxejhjQ2pYRW1EaGpYS3MtclZvWkVITWdjMzRRMXZ3OFHSAZoBQVVfeXFMTWJ5bTJqVnJfSmVNR1UwTTR6cFQtYzJQMEdsNVNrVkdScjVSMmVCVkp1YUxPaExmYVB6OE14RlBkZ3pjNUF3R1lWOTdZWkpEcWg2aURueGFxSEpsZEhNd1BxLXRaLWdZajRIaXJ3bzkzUXotM3B3Nmh6QUJ3TFJ6LWdRNjhkcVgzTkhFank2bHctZHIyTXpsc180Zw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 04:05:00 GMT

The AI business model is built on hype. That’s the real reason the tech bros fear DeepSeek | Kenan Malik - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMingFBVV95cUxPNnlpY0ROU3dtQjhJR1FuaGRYX0o2MHNqUFZrcWMyaFlkemdudFVEeEE1amcwdzRyUnE4WmZTaDI3Q1E1NS00VThZX2VKNnllWnhUN0tVZ1pTUWFOaUpYZ284dTAySVBVejJDMUFBRWU0X2g2aTd3UmQ1eXFRamhIa0hpeWx2LUJrSmU3cFFwemIxbkNXRmFEMFNwV0NCQQ?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 18:46:00 GMT

I Tried Running DeepSeek Locally on My Laptop: Here’s How It Went - MUO - MakeUseOf
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibkFVX3lxTE8xQTl4NmMyN1R3cEFSZDJ2aVpZVW5XVnNiLVdCbmJPX0RZN2V6R1hELVh0SU9RelotWWFaMmdIbEJOYWhaY2JJUXB6dzBjdmN0c1Z1NmZJWlJReHBLcUxVTUZtTkNMQ2l3NUZiS3BR?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 18:22:00 GMT

AI Briefing: DeepSeek’s emergence from nowhere shows open-source is eating the world - Digiday
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirgFBVV95cUxNcERoeW1hUzBESUJyTkdCaUl0NHl0bnFXNEY5LUlialpnTFZnYU1veWs2djc4THlsRFpSN09leXQ5U2Q0OW9wdTlPSW81X2dzdy1vOTlWbURWbTk0YjRkNmdCTkN5b0Q4Vjhab0JrMHFYcEhweEV6ZVA1b2xoSkI5a3VmdzlOT2ItME9SLVE4b20tSFhLMjdvOUlJWUlKcm4wZ3lYSV9CZEl6aFRBMnc?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 05:05:10 GMT

DeepSeek provides competition to AI landscape, not existential threat, experts say - Times Union
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMingFBVV95cUxPSmlCcktNaHpBVUhZUE5ycllaZEJEc1M1SHlzWFZxeDVSNC1NbGdkX29HSFlReFdtYTcxZ1d1aEYtUDMtMXA5dkp0aXpwRl84aFVYMjZseFEwVUtnby14bms3VVlMbmhhM0hXMEVBUEhkeVNEcWQ1VTlEV3BuZGVHQ0xUbHd3dkxXb0ZtNkw5UGJMaTBJM3BNYWtkWXFWQQ?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 13:12:25 GMT

DeepSeek vs. ChatGPT vs. Google Gemini: How China’s AI challenger compares to US rivals - The Times of India
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi-gFBVV95cUxPTWxreXZHLXpUSzdpUWZTM3E1LVMzb19YaVJEdXZzakctTXgtVUJwcENJS3lrc3dsQmFvSjZVSjlpbVdLNVRXSXF3UGl3NWFHVTdkSWtWSG5hYjJSeGZBdzNSMXR1UnNtUS1CYWF3cWllcmJab25PMXpGRkYwV2duTHduR3RQUDlzOU40cEJRNlBGNHJOd1o4MnFieVVDTFhsRjJabDRQTTlYWFM5eXhJQnBQTHpIbjdIRXo0eDBWWWQ0WFZMcG1kTnJHTHl4U2VTLW9iTk4xQjBoSVdxNU9FZGYtUk9uVkxzQ3M3Q3QtX3VseDRiUWZySHhR0gH_AUFVX3lxTE5SclFHY2hMTVdGcFVNUUFXbVE1bHJGSWVIRFBma0lyaUx1NHVTemlmYy1ZOE5BbHVOSmM3MUFHbGN5ai1oTktoV3NhM3Nrem5pcl8zaVhQc3hYVVJwUUNtSXY0clowR0J0T3dGNkhHSnpVZnFmMUR0MTBQRnZUaEFXZlBJM2E0X1o3Y0dJdWwyUHFlSHZfMWVYRlMxTnl5YkR4enFJZkdMb0ltdTRxNHI3SzJoMkRKTlF2TGtNZmJYaWQwRENWb0VKMlIza1QyQzAwSFlBemExR3hsNEJ6dWFVOXJZSVZtQjZxdzdJUEQ5akNYZURxeHQ5bE14UEpKMA?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 04:42:00 GMT

Apple reportedly excited to power Apple Intelligence with DeepSeek - PhoneArena
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinAFBVV95cUxNRV8xdFY0WDFxX25ZU1l3dkxGWVZSQWFHX3MtWnBSVEVwQXotT1BnaFJ5elp0cXhVX0poT2R6R3hEVzJ2a3hpem9MYmtDOTJyWlRvRHE4dVlkaXhsNVktYXpwbmh1UngxT2VMRlBXUEpOM1BBTG0xZ3FJakJNc0xPOTVrZDVTenE2LXhtdDl0cXVJdzQxVXZnSGJGcXc?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 13:29:11 GMT

Is China’s DeepSeek Using Smuggled AI Chips From Singapore? - The Diplomat
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilAFBVV95cUxNZ2RDV2xHMXpVWXdtU3RpV2Itc2phb3JWQmpmMVpPRzFsM09WZUJWTlYwbmxKc1dtQmNZX3Y1Z2RqcGF6WkpsT1loQnhUVElsR2V5NlhyRjVsMDBNOFZwaXVUMWg4dHFpd2NiSzlxNVNOMWIybGFkbnZWdm5rSWRvRTE2cS1YWnVxVXVSOXFMM1F0THlE?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 05:44:28 GMT

Amazon, Alphabet earnings come with questions about cloud growth and DeepSeek - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivwFBVV95cUxNRmN0RlNTNGRUNTZpZzFqeWZ1SzJ3WWZOSUdyVC1QenJjY3EtR00xMFBpbGJ4RXBsS3doTGxsb3ZFQlQ2UTE5dm5RZmZRdnBHU3ZHMzhoRF95UHdtY1lvbjJQdnBwVHpXMjkxVS1HQTNreVNRNkI2cHF0RzlsWVUzS3Z4RkphZ2MzQnJzOFpUdVlzZE80dFc3SW4zU09veVZFZ2xCM2dxcEthTWJ1Ym1XM2lwQmdjc0lfWktreUJ6NA?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 15:01:00 GMT

Rolling in the DeepSeek - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxQWU4yY3J1bmhHZFV2QjFXeVd1ZkpkWXgySEFEWGNFa0VQQnY1bERlSnpfVkMzOUVJZkE4TEo2LUpoUnFKWmE0azZOaXVCNk1sZDhhTTJwZHM2VjUwdzZJVVVIVmxkUWxlbGlyTldhRDFKZ21YSUFiR2N6bHlWOV91Vw?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 14:17:07 GMT

Deepseek is More Wall Street Than Silicon Valley - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxQLVMzdWtDNDNmdkpOQkVXUUlrSXNvMlJ3SFlXbHBYaGlMd1czOER4UktybExOcExIa3c1aGVUMUpCb0NObkV3MFdwMzIwZTk1NkIwQ0xlNWFfeVNESUh4ZHFQMGUxZUdKLVEwdWE3elR1REJ0elZIc3JEYVVHdF9VMA?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 00:30:40 GMT

Is the DeepSeek drama a gamechanger for the AI trade? - JP Morgan Private Bank
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixwFBVV95cUxQV0RkNDU2aGgzVjJmTm5TODVCTWdMSWtSQ21ZUFFGY1ZkYmJRSjZtUHF2TWM3NHAwYVJoVEZwWThPRDZ2Q3VEUlE5aUZxLWlsX2ZVRDc5aTgybGZrUTFlWWpxZXBpa1IyN1dRYkkzcFFMOENSSEVCUHRMZ3RaZWIxVl9ncmo5SHBKNS1Zb0FZSEhCeXBHcmkwNF91QmxudkdFLTIzbktIVGpMcThjQWdHdENWWG4tNG5rcllPVEtDVk9MVUVFYzZN?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 05:00:00 GMT

Difficult yet to predict DeepSeek's potential impact on power demand, Japan's METI says - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi4wFBVV95cUxPT2FWNkh5d0o5QUNQdUxPbHZrdHFhNnhPeUVqNWNDb0xwc1AxYWRxbWxkbzJOR3NxOFg2TXE5amRDTUI5aWNDcXBJQTd1Rjc3eEE5Vnh3bWRxY1ltb0FPb3dnNXRiTko2dW5TVjRGSEY1WDlWb0NpbnFpRlJ0ZTByc0JhdjdQMzl0TWliZ281LTUxb2xZdXpYdk52TjhSWExqcTgxdjZyVkk2ZUZFZ1VrUGlYQmY5cGNDQ0lpcWpwd3JNQVBZckdRNS1jSjBSYl9VYkFmV0Fya1FhQnhqQ2VXaFJtUQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 02:33:00 GMT

Tales from the jar side: The DeepSeek API, Janus vision model and image generation, My second missed day, and the usual toots and skeets - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxPLVFmWjVTYTluRFdaQXVUOWRpbHB0OFd5cm1WbXFzaTZFVnpXOS01SjJuZDJFak0zdTEyOHo3QXZCcWI5YVZmWS1NM2JkcWEtN3lMblZ3Qk1VUmU1X0d4M0c2emFqRmVZa2h1dHZuMUVFalR2cDRxQ3JXd1NIempTcQ?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 20:21:55 GMT

Liang Wenfeng: The force behind Chinese AI startup DeepSeek that has made US tech giants nervous and put India on edge - The Indian Express
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiwgFBVV95cUxNdV96RzMyNWdSejF5ai1LZ3Y5VUJsODQtWC1JZC1wNXRlMVhXMTlyR3lOaWlNXzVuRE82N3R3bmw5bjVpekdicWM3NmJkYVUxc08tQ0JrYnhpbG1ZMXIxZUsyVmdTSmZhVGxmOWhFUW4tclhCS2sxd0dsUzg0bTFjUkJFVXQzZm45RmE0LVpGX2hHbHBta1BLUzlwWTdPSElCdWJaclFKczZrbG9IZVYzc0h5VS04NDc5bko3R1U3MGY1UdIByAFBVV95cUxOa1V0VlN2M2lHX1BGT0p4RF9PTW1FUkFZTksyZ2NSeFRIZHZZZ19PMEUzbDlRTU9aMlY3SjlWd2tpbmFta0RmWXEyS2h6NFNsMGl1d2JlSENoT1A5czhPcEt2dlhIUkxGbXROYW9sM1l6cXZpNnpzMjVxR25MYlhKVzJpZ2o0bkxZQ3FEM3h3anVlc25JLVJWbFZMTDNpenkxaUVoaWc4bXN5N0JEdHdoVll2c203aHYtSXVpeHZ6SzZscWhIRGZGVA?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 08:31:00 GMT

What DeepSeek, Russian Sanctions and Guitar Amplifiers Teach Us About Global Competition - The Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiywFBVV95cUxPM0tweTRkRWY2U2JnS2N3TDQ3MHRNTTZPSDlXZlJLNnJFNFlkaXhXT3lTRHZpZnliTlI3dFNzZXBNSVJpWlZOZzJnZDJhZFFFZDM3c094RVRvZXhBTFRoR3ptYUdkUTdGRXU3OUZ2Y2xFRWNSLWxPUmNLQjMtYXREMU5mY0t2ZlZZZ3JhbEdWd2ZIYVVZYU1mZDJMWkVWeWdwX2xIczhVZnhJNXJTYzdIZS01aGp4WVl0d2FIb2liZEdLckstb1RuNTZfdw?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 11:00:00 GMT

Energy and Nuclear Stocks Recover After DeepSeek Selloff - OilPrice.com
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Analysis: DeepSeek’s merits for data centre investors - ION Analytics
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMingFBVV95cUxOVmZIZm5ueS1TREo5dnF6NHJCSndZOS1BOGtQa21Wd0ZTWV9IcV8zbEdTTXM4NGV0dFg3VWU4cUpFY3ZIcm5YN0R5RXMzYy0yWjdoV3NzX0NSWTRLS29uZkpibi1BTFphcjA5Y003Q0EyQkRvNXpRN1lTalNvcFdIUWFqcHRmV082WjczcG9STzM4aG5yMmJ3WFZCWUNyZw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 08:00:00 GMT

China’s DeepSeek Breakthrough – and What it Means for National Security - The Cipher Brief
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxQVGJjV1JvLUplNjZybWtCcnUwcVlZeEpKVjhqSmczdEh0RzVGakRCOG1TUm1OUG5INEVkN28wNTNIMDZxMklDM1d2ajhqa0JCZnB1aDd0OTNud3BQNDg2Z1NWdUZxYWE5N1pTZUQ1ZjB0TzhUMURabWdJM0ZScTMzX1dMQzEzZEM1LUhtQjcyTEZyUFNpVGpvb005LWYxVmtz?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 13:45:22 GMT

'The Black Swan' author warns future selloffs could be 2-3 times worse than the DeepSeek shock as it reveals how fragile the economy is - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivwFBVV95cUxOV0RuTkowcnVJQmRJcFEyNkNyVDJFVXBJUVJaSEZqaFFReWt5MUlxOG1nRDNWSUEtLWpFRy0tTngxZjFoLXVQTDhTRGlUUDQxTGMtejctdUpfZkxBSF9ZS01TS1g2cGMxendMR2dVa3pIUnViaTZMeGs5dUpua2hVdVB4VDdtLUo1c1RJTXJsLU5wT2NRZi0wQlBfM3V2azdHR1BWS0dKYVBXc1lrSGkwNVcyMEY3b1pqZEVkbEdiRQ?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 18:23:00 GMT

TSMC Shares Slump on Return From Holiday After DeepSeek Jolt - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihAFBVV95cUxPNFN0SGJiTmg3N1Y4VmNuZkcwcjFaWl84d25LZ3pGUG9tdGNPN0taaXU5emhYbWRjR1RYbkNrUXBBVmU3REtCZ3YxTEduYkk2T0RqU2xhWnhZLXRoREJUQzhIT3ZPOWp4bnZMMWt1Y0xhNWpXS3BOX3FSQjV6MjlSazNNX3I?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 02:37:30 GMT

Huawei, SiliconFlow launch DeepSeek AI models on cloud - Tech in Asia
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiigFBVV95cUxPdHgxejU5N3VfLTJfQWFBSkFYOTRCUUpwNzB6TkJlMldLNzBMUnh2SUlPb09XNk92VHFuYWJjazlLb0NQOGpzOWdNcktDZzdrWU80bjh5dWZUa0dQaER6c0VOdFI2MTltaHpSc0s5cC1UTFowTUlacjlGOVk1OXl2NGNtaWJrcTRSWGc?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 03:20:00 GMT

Opinion | Why DeepSeek caught so many in the West by surprise - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxNOTllZjdJNGlnNXEtV0pkWURKR09EZEtTZXk2TTJHRUF3d3p6dTcwOTN0ZmVYRjl0M1Nvam90VzUwVUhXUlFXMHdhYzJ6dEtjVlgtLXlZTVJuY1otVHVDaVhPWUdWNDA3V011eDN3aDNHV0RBaEhKTll6WENMdldSNEJFcU5PS1MwYVFWOUlsdWNNMF93Yk1WajdCZjMwWlQxNnfSAaIBQVVfeXFMUGhwZ01DekFLUndXdXV1eVZIMXY0bGxJMWtHWUc0bHllbTdybDEyUU91eWI1NXRkRWlPbmdtamo4Rl9CMkROVk1WM1FKeTdrWlIyOS1jNTNkVGs3M1ZvZE5UY2VESjRVU3M3Mml0U1dwdlNuOTZKSTF2N2FibG4tZS00MWh5U214X0dwRF80bDg3dTdxMXRaV3pOZkROdTRGMm53?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 08:30:07 GMT

StockWatch: Whirlwind Week for Nvidia as Investors Weigh DeepSeek’s Impact - Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiywFBVV95cUxPTnVuZHBPaXVMN283VDI0LUl2S3pDdmNMdHFCcng5Ymt4RDBfcGd0NEV0cmQ0UmR0Nm1vLVJkY2ctdU9BNlYxbmtkTU1jeHQ3djd0MU5vM1B4Sy1zY0RycHdsY2JlZ0swUXNaVTJWMUloS1ZicE1STk0zMDdHLUJUZWQ2ZDlqZ2xVY0Z2TVJIWFNmRy1hUlFJc2dXcE9qdEZuOVYyazVaMTJkSTh6MFo4NWZUQVdTazlzcGJCZU1kWHBUeUhHekdlYm03aw?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 20:04:58 GMT

The DeepSeek mania proves it's finally — finally! — time to talk about AI privacy - Laptop Mag
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMickFVX3lxTE5WWHd0YW05RHdMX2FEUVdkbTFqUTB6YkhGS3RHeGxGWUYxWjNETWFQU016YTNFNjhtSmMxc0FMaVNkQkJpUXRoeG0ySXRkM2FvOENscUZzd0JfaUJwRXBOM2JucHJxMld5dnhqa1BBc0xYdw?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 14:02:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI found to be stunningly vulnerable to jailbreaking - TweakTown
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxPRkw0UDVSaWV0Sl9kUUlhQXRRM2FSQTFtVmoyc1lBQndZaVVhWGRWNXctVHZaU2FYbVNFZ1VhTzhaa0Zxd1RSVlNkZmc1ZHNWSEw4akxYUTN5TF9WbTg5eFFFTnRUbkFfYVBtLS1oNlJ1LWFXMGFyOGhYa0FEeTctNG9mM3JZS3ZFT0lTN216RmowWC0yck9Hb3lWeHRHdlRLRFdza3dTdzZpdzQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 07:31:03 GMT

Letter: DeepSeek is artificial intelligence’s Toyota moment - Financial Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMicEFVX3lxTE5RNWZENlJqVTliS0EyUzhnTXZwb2gyZ0tRbVEyQ2dNS1NkUFlzSWRHZ1dQdWRJMnQtSWU3NC1iQjNvZHRKSnBnN3h3elJIMXdJbnlURUpFMjhmUC05WG9mUEV2QjNPRWN2MUtFZ3l2Z1M?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 03:12:21 GMT

Alibaba named most admired Chinese internet firm by Fortune amid race with DeepSeek - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihwFBVV95cUxNLWUwTDlOZ2RSUDMwNkQyRXY2WGhSeWFPcUZKVmVEZ2RlS3NTOHJFLVRKeXN5V1QxdmdhUlJhdklLQjEzampEWTRfb0hwaUg2bGxiR0M1Nm5qeHVWTzU2cU1ZTUpVTHZBclQzOU5SOHRDTXh2d0VqMzJHell6UWMydzdMajh5R1E?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 09:30:00 GMT

Analyst Downgrades Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) Amid Nvidia, DeepSeek Threats - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikAFBVV95cUxQdm5VazZpcktpMk52RWk0SjZvUEcyTDFOazFoS2s4Zi1rTzM5dFNtWUYzeWhTYlN2eC1JaUlzRVRCcU9JYkZYMkVQSy1EQUFhT215ekJYTlBCR09wbU9XazBkRzkyWnNueVQ1V0ZLNFEwUGJVVGZ2a0l6cXl1QUFlM0NBWmhjeFcxUEl2QmJKc20?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 19:31:06 GMT

Huawei Cloud will bring DeepSeek R1 services to end users: Report - HC Newsroom
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimwFBVV95cUxPRDkzV3BaRGxpRWNtVFR3dXRjRzl5TDJrMnZkR2NuY1dRQ2oyNXRnaDJSWU5uX0VtU3FFcDRHNTZpdnQwRGtZNnhMZW54aE52Q2xtbUFxNE9tc2M3TWhGMlhzTjdXVHB3bWJwZlRUa1U1dTNTeXFKQUlILXFFME5OeXUwSGxveUVHQ2EyVHFhNjMwd1M5VEdWdGdoUdIBoAFBVV95cUxOOGRBOTVsX2hoQ0pSUFBBWDFfZEtXUTZZX0JxM0FYb3ZtTjZZb05UdFNyekxwV3J0Yk5nZ1hKRWpsUFNjem13UkNnQVJHWFBQNVFpWXFMLUoyNTMtYm5VU1J2azhGYWVUN2xOaFJDenl3b0ZDQ0k2ZnJydkJvckdRTFUtd1ZiWjR4NjhxT0RJakZXaG0xYnJ6RFhBcFdfc2xY?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 05:19:14 GMT

3 reasons I plan to switch to DeepSeek as an AI startup founder - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikwFBVV95cUxQVWFScmxYeUdEM2V5c2ktX2xLbXBPUU1QcW01M2hCN0l4MXdPRWp6MDRGc2tOai02U0M4NTFGclg5TTlIR3duUk5EcXUtNkNOaFY1Zmo5bFd2cWxnclZ5SE12YllwYXhYblBBX0oxdUkyM1dGRk00UzFoVEc2cWZmVFBsaVJHV3J2YUxyWmI5QThkcFE?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 08:45:00 GMT

Asia’s postholiday markets plunge on DeepSeek, Trump tariff fallout - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinwFBVV95cUxOZ0ZrQzdsbFA1c2RTTVpIZGZjeG5RVmRKbmdDQzdqNkdBd0ljcVNOeFZYNXlEX2Nndi11UXpvaGlOWlo2cVpjMVgyZDFXdlVBY1FTdFR4MDkxejZvSTBkM3RDUGlTUFRTMjdpb1VPVnBaRDIwcnRpTmhOWUtDMnF4b2t5V3YzLXlvX211Tkt4cFQwUUEtQVVWZjZlbHozeE0?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 07:44:33 GMT

Trump’s tariffs, US tech giants embrace China’s DeepSeek: 5 weekend reads - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 04:00:09 GMT

Hedge Fund Allocation, DeepSeek's Dominance & QE/QT - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxQU1VFNS1WNzhMMFE3TzNteHJSQ2FVTnUtejFmRkFZelhsS014WnJmdkRlV3JTWTg2blRjZU1uUWlmcGdrcDdjb1VpWW9Jc29QS0R0Q2RJSnozNzRBdVJ4VmxnNUE2UzIza3ltMWQyNE1zZzJVNGEyTDlUd3BfdHBBaw?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 16:02:05 GMT

DeepSeek sets off the next AI policy race - Punchbowl News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibEFVX3lxTE1BS2FxT2RYYnFQR2taamVZbERwRnRhNlhRS2E4UWFVRk9qQ25yLThGQVFMamR1ckpKSGowTGlOOVF1V3pqRU5NTkdzZVRKeXRVUXlXRzJQNnRKWGdZUXBNQmlLclNSc2h1R1VPcw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 01:12:03 GMT

DeepSeek Becomes the Most Downloaded App in 140 Markets - TipRanks
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijgFBVV95cUxNTHJIbHVTeGxRbEFoMmI3bHprWGFBODBPVV9DR0x3UUtoOGtZN2t4T2JOYk1JQ05LSDl2Z29PSVhtVXI3YXhUWFNfZG9tdzd0UW5WR3pZbDlmMk9GcVF6MUVNY3BSRnZUemRZNFdpMXRGalhwc1VjeldPUG92RjRYVmplY2tmUVV0TXh3MEZn?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 06:14:28 GMT

DeepSeek: Here to Help Or Harm? - The Teen Magazine
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibkFVX3lxTFByOVA0WFBOX0hwSVo2VHBRZkNUUjlQd0VMYkxHTUlaREZnXy1BektLbTdMcDFLVU5YVVFHM0pTYnJ6T3VTUGhudmFPZ09la0hrQ1E1dzk5WGFrNkYwQTRBSHBSY0EtVU9aVFpBc1d3?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 23:31:24 GMT

Nvidia On DeepSeek Success, Alibaba Unveils Advanced AI Model And More: This Week In Artificial Intelligence - Benzinga
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi5gFBVV95cUxPX3ZKZHRBU2RFV1pnSkg5S2kzTE9MUlNoamZFNm9Vblc1NWJpWTlLZHhpSnJnbWFwUHFTd2hzck1LRGdhbnJBTGx6cjN5QnRvc2c0RU9vZWZ2VEZ5RjVUUDFtaVc5XzlSXzg4TlhiLVlfTkd0YzNYRDJFbTlFd1M5ZFNwcW03U2ZGaU9BNUN5OEJGejNzdnlQdmljTFJpYVZKa2hGc3JReXVqSTJJZHF1dDZTQ1ROVkZnYlhBS3QyNGJpWjM5T09zbWczWmJQYUNtejZTb1VsMjFJMGJsb2RvRGpwV0RKdw?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 15:35:19 GMT

Dangers of Deepseek data on US security - Fox News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiVkFVX3lxTE91blVjYUo5RjhfenRVc2JOVEhmUDd3VmVEZTRsWXZ2U2l6UW1lMFVWYS1oWVVYeTJES3h5ZVJONDNudWlrcC1XVlgwVmZZd1hGM2xkU2Zn?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 00:00:36 GMT

DeepSeek misled the AI market, training costs range in the billions not millions - TweakTown
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiwgFBVV95cUxNU0pUSjJnZk5ab0JVYWQ4R1c5azFJTDBLQm5ROGJObHRWdHRMamNkN2t2c0tOTV9RZndyc0RLRTUwdGlWZXdMS1RxdTdhX1l1V2NzSGJHZ2VBYzNqeV9qSTFnUWE1VTFZYjNRS3dqUl9oYnpjQlY1NGhEM21HbTFjTGJPOEdFN0hQV20wQmtMa05hZ2hVZ2lBWXZFYXVHYjFWMnBQREtrYXVGdHBxaEpuRkhVb0tPS21XbGotR21NVHFZUQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 04:32:02 GMT

Texas is the first state to ban DeepSeek on government devices - Security Affairs
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqAFBVV95cUxNZHZZSm1SNEN4X1hsM05PdnhENTA3RDNiVV9GMjVWRWdpNGhRMHJTUFhWT2lvaEY5VGQtSEotZnRaTUNtLXE1Zl82X1RuWDAtRzZHMDVsVF83aUFlRDJ0Mk1ZQ3RNaE83UTlsRkZUUW9IRnZGZXhpV2hUM0Z2Wkotak1BNmJoU2ZRNDhLY201bGJTN1Y1ZmpUajYyRUlfMF9nZEpidmNLMV_SAa4BQVVfeXFMUGhTTGRUMkxCRDBOWF9tNDRXaXp0UW1TbFgwZGZteEtqbWlzUVJqS01OZ1BQMGFmNHk5U25ScEtXNWg1SFJjR1NxNmUybEplRDNYSS1sa1ZIbzBfa1NaaFlXSGdXOWN0VlhrV3BhYzlGWXhUM21fSmRSakg5bndtTl8wSnlOYXo0ZXBxTzBZV2djNGRDYTFqU2tESXlDT29sRE5aSlFVdHVCWk5aSVZ3?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 07:36:49 GMT

Mortgage Rates Dip Slightly to 6.95% After DeepSeek Drove Sell-Off in Tech Stocks - SFGATE
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinAFBVV95cUxNWVF3amx6OFRJeGJvSGJXSEJkN0RmeGtfYmRvamNGOXg3cnFkY1VsQXFFWi1ybXNScTZxMlpmV3lUa2RRTEd4X3E1MG5rNlJrQ0g5ZWdsWm1JQ1dxTS16Q29mcFZWZ0dGLVp6dC13MW41UWg1OG1oUVlLNEtBemFySXc4WktLVUlya09fRTdvblVqOVlXamlQZkpLTTE?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 17:41:43 GMT

What has DeepSeek done that wasn’t possible for OpenAI or Meta? Prof Ravindran of IIT-M explains - BusinessLine
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 08:00:00 GMT

[News] DeepSeek Disrupts AI Landscape: Potential Impacts and Comments from Tech Giants - TrendForce
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixgFBVV95cUxQNURLN0hDT0ppLWF3b3l5VzlfSmNDdUNCeDhoRERxRlhrdTRHMXhkbE05ejgtV3F3NGRiQ2lHNTNsYkZnWWN1ZFJKQ0U0WTBEczctTkVLNktxR3A4eDRERXl6UjRBTG9zYTY0QldUakxBRE82TFMzcjlnYmRNTnRwOEZ1cXRiUDFxRnd0OVNMcldRZUJTS2owTGpHVWVSdDh0QnJ1TTF2UUxKWEYyX00wdlpoUXk3YVFXVHgzczNUeUtzbXRNTWc?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 04:10:00 GMT

Tech Giants Dash to Include DeepSeek’s AI Into Their Offerings - Caixin Global
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitwFBVV95cUxOc1F5b0pwbldmb3puWElPQlU2V0gyTzRHY3BNcm03dVV1djJnX1lsQTlvcnE1eVlIR1A0NHdFNkViSEc5M0EzeE9SczlOcHdpZGdpcEtTaUVZMGwxYjZhdGFaZ1Z3dUpzcGFDbVExejdlem05Wmk0alBLV3Nqc2hfejRRUGI4bTZpX0MzTEc1QVlyV2R4NzNCRDB1dWdsVmllMTdmc3lCQUdndUpONk5hMVBfcHpZOEE?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 01:09:00 GMT

Texas governor orders ban on DeepSeek, RedNote for government devices - krcgtv.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitwFBVV95cUxObERsTHJaOUU4SHNLQmFuODdFY2J6Y19FZ0RyRkJLTHZUYk9KNzQzd2RQYkptTTRSNkNXekJwWEZZVllEZHhELUoxeFVZdGhOWndBR3I2TV9VTlVaNTM5UlprZS1Mdy1jVHRCU0EzUXpNTDVRYWI4eWEyOWxVemVzNmY3Qnc0NnBLUkZMZ01VeWxpd3Y2YnFUSmtxdC0xUGhyd21XVjcwTFM2bmR4c3NaNnFGQnJaMkXSAbwBQVVfeXFMTVZBTWpGRFgtMWlMMy1rSHhDblI2czFQenNEdjNjQ25EcEtkZkpxYzBJNUxPUlRlTWx0dWhxVHdVWEhwekU4Z1dFNmt3Rnh6czRMVHRZX21USmFxUHBjMjNTdTU4dEdfaGpERGN3R3lVMHVTNTJxU2hqX2dlcHVRdWFMMURvSHdMdXgtNTlWVkd0UHFQV0RROThiU0JXVHJxdVJfbXFKRV9PeWZwLXphbUdrRER6R2VLRlBpWTk?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 19:27:08 GMT

Shocking Challenges Ahead: How DeepSeek Technology Could Make or Break Tesla - Mi Valle
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivwFBVV95cUxPMksteld2QlU2TVQxRXB0eFpSY2N0N0x2LWZGZEI0dFo1VUJKWFBSVW1RVWtWX2pvaWJIS2YtSFhVQnNPUWR1ZmE3bk5mYzA2anpJVUVhSDhib0dJbzh2dTcta2JvcE1meFQtaXZuQWV5RVRfMVZkSXUtd0dNOUd0UXg3VWx6Q2pPMTF5ZlZJaFFoRUoxa3BicVZxaVBkQS1uVEFnVnl2SWJLV1pzVlpiaVlVYWd0cWlxa3RMb0tiaw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 07:07:27 GMT

Singapore says Nvidia's astounding local sales don't mean it's the source of DeepSeek's GPUs - The Register
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMicEFVX3lxTE1jTHE4eF84OGpyRWp2RjNlQjJCMXFqcDhYZldwem5VdFh4Qm4ydHdZLWNnZDBWUFpyMnpxdkotb21KNkJiTmd1UTVkbEEtQ2hET2E4NDZUaFoyc19ZWXhuRVYxczBja0VOaFExNGtzM2XSAXZBVV95cUxQMlM3SG54cXpWYXhmczhRVmpSSTE3WExDT01OWDNXQzV4UE1ZWDEzZ1kyVUhicmxuLXdBUm1OeDVPellQZHNqb25FeHoybXI0N2twU3p2b0NoTm4yeFRUM19BNWZaRGJoYTVkdXJfWU1HNFZybVV3?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 00:31:00 GMT

DeepSeek, a TikTok ban and Trump’s inauguration: 7 US-China relations reads - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 19:00:38 GMT

DeepSeek, bottled AI, and mankind’s free spirit - Hawaii Tribune-Herald
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiowFBVV95cUxNclJtdlJpeFVueUo5YkRmaUZtY2Z1dlZzQXVUZTNPVDJyVHVmZ01lMHI1TzFQaUtEaWg5ZUpFMVljMERlSFFPUWl3NXE2WXhUcHJBMl8wODFqcXZreWFKSkYtaTZQZjgwTFd3VGZLZW5GT0hZRGNPUXZ0VTczTldxb25sUlNOQTFoM0QtY0Yxc3NwXzFJME0zdFItcVBMU3FxR2Rn0gGoAUFVX3lxTE91dnphaEJNeXh1WVRFeG0wQmtfVWhyT2Q1UDZtZzNUUHkwWUFnWUcwOFZIMk9EaE0wM3BDNkM3THYwd25Fcy1zbnZnRG9XSzRKV2UyR2VUSGdaYXdQc20zZHVtS1BzX2JaOGhrY3RyaXhZbmxzZ2NVVVgtT09HN3pWN19TWmlwTk1vUTczMG16bTliRXlZU2Y2QjZ3ZUsyTGVyUGt3Y3ZHdg?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 10:05:00 GMT

With DeepSeek, are India’s foundational AI model dreams closer to reality? - The Hindu
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMizwFBVV95cUxNSTBVQUJtQ05FMnJaZmc1T19zOElBYlF2WjVSWFRhSEZsdzBDUUVxNjR6QnJLc3BTWk1GcERrVGJCWUdHel9KSHFUVXRSb09SdXF1NlVQbHZzZ1JIdGJkTWdzeEFrTUFRUVJrUjVnOWdHSGdnZGtJbW9UX0FqS1R1cGxXS2tpczdwSGRhSUVNWFhfQlpWR3RORDg1SzZsREtaVElyS294MGR0bGd4RFI0WGR2NHV1WGZvUHNFMlYzRndNRkVmdS0zTmNGVkd6Rm_SAdYBQVVfeXFMTUVPQWxzUzNwY1BjZkNXSFh5SUN3a0lwSDNySmdGYzlQNE1tbzlVSmJiTVBfa2JQVGhyS0RxNF9zU0hmMUdrSDdOU0R6N01rQ1l2bTZib0xDcmYzWWxFVDRVOV96QXg1ajdpMVNsbEduV1RnT2Nmc3pUV0xoWmM1Tm5fRWhBVGd0OVM4WHRnY1prVU9GXzJFNXRWQ1hWZDVoeGhuT1ItTF90Q1VEQUpVRW8tUEpQcXVLWWdSb2xrUzNmRlFNOEJoM0JNcGM0NHpiNnZWbzlUUQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 01:32:00 GMT

After DeepSeek, AI developers are wrong that The Jevons Paradox will bail them out - Resilience
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixwFBVV95cUxPQ2xxZnM3YlpHMHlkVzR1eG1oQzFtVHJld09PMVZDM0RGTHZGQTM0emhnQnhFSTQxb3dOTGVDaXdlSm01N2tKYXF4ODIyY1BPbWk3YlRlSTkyTEtJOVB3QmtTZmxrZFRwUjdqbEcwRnRveFpUaXZBUU9OVi0tWkpCZ3Raem5PQVVsOUJCa1FkV0Y1emJWdXJHUE53ZEFuRDN0V0pLOWhfYkl3VnFSeldkekpiWWNJSlM1UEQyVHBUU2VZT05TZWl3?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 14:40:50 GMT

Consumer Tech News (Jan 27-Jan 31): China's DeepSeek Launch Gets Mixed Reaction From Experts, Tech Biggies Reported Earnings & More - Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG), Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) - Benzinga
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi_gFBVV95cUxOZlJSRzVlOXZGaEtzV3dCV0ZUQUU0UFptM2lCSURITlNNaDluRE9SSjRNaXczay1FWUxJVjhuT1NpMjRuQTZqbkt1WUlPalJOTm95WUxJTlJUMFExZDlpSVFTNEhfcW5HYkhEb1l3OUlwaTRyQ3ZKR2VCSVZQT3owQ0JucGlPamg1OEM3ZGJzd2s3VURnYWJXYUFRcjZhM0RCeEJpdmVkdmthTUY3YnlvSHJNbmZlRmFDeW5PMXhvRTVjM3VOVnVNSFdUdkdaR3VMMEEzVEZGb0tRN2JDR0dEV1E5NWxES0NOVF9PYmNVNnd0OUR6SExqcjJxZmNPQQ?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 14:30:17 GMT

DeepSeek's emergence signals the beginning of the human-replacing phase of AI - ABC News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilwFBVV95cUxNcFJpT2toX003VHptMEZINVhId3R6elNrRGlkUjY0MU1jdXRBRmJlWm40anVfWmxReDhkZVplMlo3cWZEZXBTNzlLUmFrek0yNXdDTHhJREZkTEppd0F5dF9SMXVKQkV3ZHlYeHdVUy1ZSDNJZ0Y2aXRUQ090S1NqN1I3TE13cnlJRlp0VnRMUjVpckk4ZWVN0gFSQVVfeXFMTmd6T18yVVBxcmhzWVh5eWkydnNpODJKZFBCUktTSlowOHpHcmQ5SmxkME1UYkV0WWNXS29qSTFfU2RnRjNUSHpfMmhVdTdtZzBCUQ?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 19:03:14 GMT

AI Controversy Unleashed: Is DeepSeek Really Stealing OpenAI’s Thunder? - Jomfruland.net
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinAFBVV95cUxNa1dDcnhQa2Q1d0UtM25XZmpwZVF4RzFMeElORWtpSy1uVy1KYUpyRVgyVHVJOGF6eGNoSVZpdDlmX1JCWWhVOFBrYmpWcnVJdVQxS2Z5UGc0TmNSN3g5UnhqQTVXLVdTZTJuR2ZBUk14OWNRX1l3UXk4VV9zVXgwNGxYTmF2NnkzMWt5ZHpDRlNkNjNMeHU1cVNBemY?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 05:28:25 GMT

Was DeepSeek Really China’s Sputnik Moment? - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisAFBVV95cUxQNmdXUEZ3cjFBeWkxM0FsT0Q4cWtQZzVzQ25LekkxNjV1dnd4NEJPaFVudXJCNWpNZFVFc1c5YUVldjNGTDZjeFctUUMzSUdhaTR5c1JOUlJOdVV6VjlnU0s5MWF3c3JsRnNTalVMRlF5MnJQV0thT3NOVmRITS1MRXM2dktKci14QXhaazBtbnk3ZWhlZXptR0xIcldLYmQ4RVhLUTNISXZPX3c0T3lIQQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Week in review: Apple 0-day used to target iPhones, DeepSeek’s popularity exploited by scammers - Help Net Security
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi0gFBVV95cUxQQzFIaV84LVljWUQ0a21VX21hYjdYRW9ZajRWOUNVUVVDWjhlMm1nSEFKM1prcl9SM2UtaDdDNTByZmx3MjhlUE9mdkR6TUtkWllJODljSHp6Q2wwT3BlLXRlb21CN0RUbWl6ZXJsUW9HMU5DbVMtdXNfN1dTYWY0TkN2dkFCcDRsWVI2NE5zdGswQXlTVnQybndCYTh0bjIzYVFfQWlQNGt0Unkzc21JS3kxWFlGTjVUdjhIRDQwMERCVXpPOHFkUUNrVVNocEYyT0E?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 09:00:27 GMT

American idiots are needlessly hyping DeepSeek: Tech billionaire Palmer Luckey, calls it Chinese propagand - The Economic Times
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 07:14:05 GMT

It’s Not Just DeepSeek. A Guide to the Chinese AI Companies You Need to Know. - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi1wFBVV95cUxQc3Y0WjVrUy1aOHJRdGEyMmpkNy01ekRKbWxSUkZoN0J4eVl1QnB6UmQ0WlBna2JncmFpNzltcTlqQWk2ZVd6QmR6alktY2V6aEhtMmw0Vm1vUDBIRmJhQ0Q3eGxDYlZ1dWt5NDVNUnNNYlZyakRXRUVmZE9nbGlNc19MbGRIYW1XNktlc0VuVTJEZ3NmQ0c3YzVaWS1icVMzc19qbVVsSjVzZDFjS1ZBWmUwZWczcWFINURDYU5sU3pkZHluZmhvYV9BMVV2dEJNbkhoRXhfNA?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 02:16:38 GMT

TSMC shares in focus on return from holiday after DeepSeek jolt - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipgFBVV95cUxQVHdPUkN4TmJrdjZWXy1GanRRcVp0NGJYcW56ak9ydXlaY2UxOHcxT1psMkpCbGtIZ2ZjNHphcE1aTVJHc0FtRTQ4TlBOdlBqVmk2cTBZZHBPZ2NvcnJlMVk3NDNURkZKMXE2RGFtdy1IOU9aWU9yb2xrbkQ1dGRZLVNOVGhfVmZvczU3MldweDBSN1dDWlpMQU1uQnNKOWNrYzRyZ0l30gGmAUFVX3lxTE5qR0tKVHZpcXpXeFdjdjhMaGQ1enFNeXI3aVFIeDItanNnaUk4TUZVVVljRl9zZ1otOFhYOGpkLXVkanJOV2hoMUlyVktRS2Rzd1ZUM3pYN29iUjBITTh5R1RRbXNiVktsamZIbUFuX3g1czJLWUw5aTEtUkF5NkdFQjhycUw3R2ZaZWk4Y3Rla3QzZDduenNGYWdXVk1BLWFWSks0b0E?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 01:54:08 GMT

OpenAI Launches Deep Research to Counter China’s DeepSeek - TipRanks
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijwFBVV95cUxPc0U5a2ZSTUNCWUUzN05XaGc2alFjVlRNRktiQlMwZ3lYdFhvdHZjRGZKNVdlcU9INGQtQ1ZHY2t1MldiTXdGaU1XMFMwc28wZzVpUEEwN2JBNzZIM29tXzUtbzRITW5ZaUNDdWF3a2UwTG95V05aSkdzSjU3UlloX09BUzZJd0FSQ2ozWnZVQQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 05:57:36 GMT

NVIDIA: 3 Reasons Why I Bought The 'DeepSeek Dip' (NASDAQ:NVDA) - Seeking Alpha
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxOcnJrVGx2QVIwcGo0S0NDbUxYQ0c4WjRLY25CbVJfQXM5T2RZZy1SQUUzYm5qY1p6RXg3WHJwOWFxbFc5cXdRcmszZEEwLUFmM0xCbFFmbnBkSDY3Sm9tVUtxWkY3Ykx0QkNGbXBhMGdiQThVVVUwUnhDQ2VoUVM2N0VRWGRQR2NMcjk2YUhKNGZaaDl0MldqUw?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 14:52:00 GMT

Microsoft Adds DeepSeek’s R1 AI Model to Azure Cloud Platform - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitgFBVV95cUxQclRzcWo3NGc4Z3lIbVNiLTRIVktmVGc5UDUtemRpbVprTU8wYTBxRkZwMUNVRGl6SWw0bm5zOFd2VXYzWGphbUZYLUJRU09SV3BxY3E3MkdQWUR1YnNGYkdxZzFFbnRFRGdmRVlWWmYxNUJfMlB3OGtVOXdHV01HSFFHRDE0cnFnMFNja1RJaUQ3SXlYOTVIa1pLXzNObm54c2xrVHBwc3NLNk9BNk8yNkwtN3R0dw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 06:01:54 GMT

‘DeepSeek shock’ is a wakeup call for Korea, where top-notch science students flock to medical schools - KBR
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibkFVX3lxTFBtaXBmN09RdDRyOXVYbmVoTk9YdlhOeGJiQ28wRGx5bW1NUFpiRjVEdVNXRkZjaWd4UmNPSTNQMWNYcTZpWVI2NTJjMmhNS0hxYkM0VmVzRkx5SDhVaXpkWGhqa1o1NG0ySllubkJR0gFyQVVfeXFMTU9vT2dLSGpBMlJiNHpEcUllYnhCejdmbE13YlpBQzZJOV9ZMHBYZDhDQ1dFSnB0YWF5b0hNc1ZWS2kwRFRHS0YzRy16SkVzbFZNSzFmRHNySmJkbk40b0p3YWdBRndwd3BMbW05RE0tdTRB?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 07:15:47 GMT

Apple's Big Week: Starlink Partnership, Deepseek Praise, Tariff Concerns, Earnings Beat And Urgent Security Fixes - Benzinga
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi4gFBVV95cUxNLWRKUkx2YzRROU5PQi1uTERpMTR0YmZkYVFsZnh1MVBHcmk0a1JBbkdSX1RTcm5aYnRialZRNHFfX2d6Z2dncEVacUl6dDVKUXJQbVU1SDdBMUNZbXp2NGJrbXpEc1ZyQzdCS1plbzJQbGdnMDJGY0c5RE5fenFOcWlGSFNDWllOMVc5X1daclZUQjBfT3UxU3BuV1NGcVlSb3gyM0RYTXBwcGR0YS1idW03NVFka0hhTzd0MUlfYkxIaWJHNGc5OENENnJ3UldzUlA5SVU2UlBpY3NCbjF2eE1n?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 16:00:47 GMT

5 AI Stocks Surging on DeepSeek’s Shocking Week - InvestorPlace
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihAFBVV95cUxNU0hWRGxRdVNicUtXMG9iRnltWkhLR2tCdXZFTm5DdzRmMVZjbS1yampwa1B0YmxYQ2Vhb0pOSC05X0JMR0xwaWE4SjJ4LVcxT3N0MlZzUnM2RDZTQnU1SnYzNWVNUFpsU0Q3VGpmWmgwTFZCSllVUnpWYVRCOUxTOFlRcFI?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 17:11:02 GMT

DeepSeek AI Claims Stir Controversy And Investigation - Evrim Ağacı
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikAFBVV95cUxNRC1PamZJUnZwU2FrN3l6bG1zdUtSMkR6aDN0aUxHYVgtWFJYRDJuMmx2YXFWZ3lsR0lYb2J6Tk1aVm04b3hldGZQMm1fSVctRkJSRkVES1JaNVZKWU9sbE1UZFFIYTM4NzVIcXdCcGQ3Y2p3MnViMl8tTzkya0FyaUFzSTgwNmI5UlZrVFJFeTg?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 06:11:33 GMT

Experts: DeepSeek sets benchmark for Chinese firms - China Daily
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifkFVX3lxTFB6NGpsR3k5dElxeFM3d0haMXJrQ2x2QTdLV2VuNVZUcGhVLXhRWk1WU3hlN3lNRUswMVBWYk5KRnI5cW1tSXJmcFItSjQtdFV3VkxqeUVtSk9oZkNXWXkwYy1tN0dkRkRKRjBPMnpYaGVzVklGaGJkZ1RMcEVIZw?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 23:11:00 GMT

OpenAI Announces New 'Deep Research' Tool For ChatGPT Amid DeepSeek Buzz - NDTV
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 03:02:00 GMT

Taiwan restricts DeepSeek AI over security risks - Dig Watch Updates
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMif0FVX3lxTE5sQi00MS1aNl9ja3EwNmEyN0cxUWZHRGNXOWM4WmdUVll1T0JyRWFwZHc1NFJuR2FQNmxDakNmZUVuYXFjVU5kUnVMX3BSVExXa0liUVJjNlNISUxuZWl3ZldrMUxHRzZKUFIxMTZGTWtqR2dJcGxsbXdIelBWTW8?oc=5
Published: Sun, 02 Feb 2025 16:01:41 GMT

DeepSeek: Rising Star Or Censored Tool? - Strategic News Global
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMie0FVX3lxTE1WOHZqdmVTZUJzTVZvYU5tbEJPRXg2WkxrT05yMGU2RGNVT2drWHQyRUN1aXZMOEZKbW1SQzFGR1h6UVZUN0JGVnNxMzRvLS1qRmtTN3N4RDVRdU5zWGJ5M2VlSFBjQVB0VXNVQms5UnVPd3g0VTFxR3VoOA?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 01:23:53 GMT

The Problem With DeepSeek’s Energy Breakthrough - RealClearEnergy
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipAFBVV95cUxOd2xSdjBPaHpvZlJfMFhTRHk2V2FhMDVEV1l0bTRhVGJaa2d2WGhSNkJJUUdoZ3JwZk1lVVJ1S09oUFFRM0Y5NkpxcUc5MWRWV0QxN1RMeGp6aFBaUGtJUklHd0EyTmU3M1FCTWJrQ2dmaDlzZ0ZlZnQxb3E0OFFfek41TkNzb1liV2tDamFoVHVIRTYzVDhvN1luV0VoTTJzYUNibA?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 06:13:51 GMT

DeepSeek’s Latest Breakthrough Is Redefining AI Race - Center for Strategic & International Studies
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihAFBVV95cUxOLThrNXBBVjJIWGIwLV9yOHp1Uk04TkVTeU9iV01yM2pDWlJ3TEFObmpXejdQYW5GODRGSk8yQkMyckRId1RlVl9OT0tvamJ0ZVkzYnJHWGRnaVJ6aXBCWjdIZlZGa1pQWEQ5UlBFU0tLMk9GdDZSUlBlYUJfLVQ2OS1LTks?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 22:43:51 GMT

Taiwan bans government departments from using DeepSeek AI - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxNamsyUktDLUQ2cTdDQnA0V3MzQ3dRZ1RPa0NETkoxbWNOSzFhWE9GcDBwMjZTbWtkY3Z4OU81aG5QZF94dG5PY25tdGtLbUZ1aVdaQktodW51MGhBMzMyQmxXM3ZIUlV1am0zOW9OT0F5UVRjTUhXclkyeUkzcjU1YTAycUloWW5xLTB2SHUwZUFwS0pkZllkaXdmTW1DOERt?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 11:25:33 GMT

WashU Expert: How DeepSeek changes the AI industry - WashU
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxQMG9JYUtSd3pscEx5d29aVXhTX3htLUMzbHhwR200dnBHczJMSWdXUFNmTkVXWks2V0NNQ1J0ZUg2RHpMUWE1a2NTNExqbVhFeUY1TnVERVFpYXZqVWJoVEhQbkFmZjFVMFBsQkxTbWlPYWN1RFdpRHhVanpwWWNwbUNPMEtBMVRJQmpR?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 16:43:56 GMT

What DeepSeek Means for the Future of AI - Built In
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTFBaWG1mZXhJaUNBb2Q5NTg3ZzVRUjV0eHNUTndVOG03NS1vUDgwdjFiU0ROdEVhU05pakYzTHQ5OEZNZzJuSFFsSWxFd1pXdlJGSGc2Z0FqakZjcTdoUmxmVG1ZcGQzMkstLWpnX1M1QUgzOHZlcTk0QlpCMEw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 08:00:00 GMT

What DeepSeek Revealed About the Future of U.S.-China Competition - Foreign Policy
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirwFBVV95cUxOZUQwbUR0OFlNREw2SGRZd1J0S1d1UlRBS19mTkYzNU5ObHBfRGNqT0dfQzR4dHVldkVyUkgwZlZMdkxaZmhudXN6OW5nU1EwOHdjc0lyWFlqQlZES1BlMkJrenNDcVRydkhCNTB5bGxXcmtKZHRoakYwQlNoOGxnOGhhU3p3blpJY1JmWm1Zc1Y1cEk1cjRSLVZCMjBfTmU4VjNCN2ZhVmRJcUhWSHpn?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 20:01:16 GMT

In first for states, Texas bans DeepSeek, RedNote apps from government-issued devices - StateScoop
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiekFVX3lxTFBOeHJjb0V3T3ppRERySURHcVZQVXV5R3p2akI1Mk9zNTl3Q0tXWThvdE16REFsWUJ5SFJWRjRLbG1WLWQ1eWNwcVc2VFByd3JjdDloaGRpSWdxZFF0bHNLOEJaV1ZJOGgxc1UyZUVyNkliQURyYkQyckdR?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 18:26:42 GMT

Open-source revolution: How DeepSeek-R1 challenges OpenAI's o1 with superior processing, cost efficiency - VentureBeat
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiyAFBVV95cUxNRnhzM0s3cTFuR1ExWk4yLXlRbGdnUVpEcmU5MHc3Z09UZUZlZ3dOTU1HUktFNlhONldGWHZxdzFDNU5FZnJPMFYwS1ZHS1htNDhLd1VicENQeFhPeWdkNE50RUNJZHBldTlWTm9vV2RNcHJONU9NWFF1M1JtcmNlVTdHRzZZenFkaHlNeXNtRHgzaXVhVUh6dGl1OXNrRC15OTk2RU9wYXByMkpITHlWYjRRSXJ5QzROdnM4YXRndzIwRnZoZjNPVw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 01:25:00 GMT

DeepSeek signals China’s rising influence in AI — and AI drug development - STAT
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihAFBVV95cUxOSlRvRjRhby1aUmk1WXVDUkFwd2FJclpLc1lRRjhjY0ozeGh5VXNaVzlZakFuNFFPMURyN2JnZ2g0OC1Va01rbGJQMnhkblZWRjNuY0FkUDhHaFlfUzU5WnRhcVNpMG5ucjVsWEpIWkEzWnBQQ3dZU3hRVEh3YzZCMzNFX0I?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 09:35:19 GMT

DeepSeek’s AI Shockwave Hits Nvidia Hard, Wiping Out Billions - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiugFBVV95cUxPblpsRTY5czZGaGZVNU9leGV6dHBSdGZsN3BGeE9lMTRib3FBNlY1czk0Tzh4ZHhtTnZTVlNLOXZfU3l3ZTZxb0NPejZWR2NhTmhIdkNoSFlEOXc1RG9QZE9lSHFKVmlBa1kxT2dHRXhsUXlaZ1NwS0txaTNPTmxwQlhSOGZIcGhKT29CanZOa1pzMWhnampVN3k5QzFWQ3dJM1NJQzU5aGUxVnd2bi1HVWFKa1cwblZZQUE?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 20:04:49 GMT

Is DeepSeek R1 Right for Your Business? - Plain Concepts
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiVEFVX3lxTFB3UVVnQ3dBVGdwY1JPSlNyamwzT2tYdHY3X0pidTVQV0FFYW05TmlGT3kxeEtfZ0xTU3NHajd6ODFmNGE4blZ2cDJkdXYwZXpxWGsyOQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 12:53:22 GMT

Debunking 5 Claims Around DeepSeek’s Capabilities, From Cost to Security Risks - Adweek
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMib0FVX3lxTE0xaFdITFVJVHZ0V3lOM1pILW1kenBPMjVVYy0zZTk1eVZ0UVdPNjhtNFhzS2ZiMWpldUQ0Smh3SzJfNlEtWm85RlpNYVh5NGpCcDFqb0VfQWl1SmVfV29aN3JobWdTdUQ2dUVRdnJMVQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 11:56:17 GMT

Is DeepSeek China’s Sputnik Moment? - The New Yorker
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxNLTMybDY2UGU0XzlPUi1CQVkxRENpOFJSVUJQWHpCWjl2VEpGNVNsU2N6cnRGaHBXS3l0Mi1PV0lDTC0zTWY3d0FHLUZQUnRZMjdBVE5DUkViTXRSQ2JMelVIMmdQMHBQZ2EwclloTDBuMktWUWZoN0RMU3VwY3g1aDA4cGwxTXhEY0FB?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 11:00:00 GMT

Interactive: DeepSeek AI bursts the bubble for US gas-fired power growth - S&P Global
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi3wFBVV95cUxQOGhZcnd5azRwTnVMSGZZRUZaYWZZMFJWRlVHeWhfLXRkUEc3T1F1VkhPb2V2WnBna0poSnN0SnlrTGJGQ2dOVUVWVnRfeDJpZ1p5cnh5VVB2ZzhMeGZWa3hSZ3UwekhnZVh3S0dBa2lDMXhITVhRUU5ZRzdqQ1JERTQ2TkVHZWVHQmhfUktWLThBNVlUeGdwd3l1QTlWaGotTTBXQ3IzaHZrVWtQTEFoRW9hQXdxcGdzaWtyOEx6WEwtRkhxSXlxc0NybHhNVHc4UmZfSFd6V0pSTFJ2dGNz?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 13:30:00 GMT

AI Malware Dressed Up as DeepSeek Lurks in PyPi - Dark Reading
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiigFBVV95cUxOYkRaUWIzN0JxT2JZUVdlRE93ZDc2SENaT0h2RklHQmVKYnV3aXRMTEdXUHFaTWJwWGtFakFxNUR2YU9DNTRBQTkwbzBVTE1yT0RnVjE0WTVyNTdPRnpVVkhWZnNOeFFTaG5Tb09wek15aGtHLXhIazgyZUtvMkhWaWNUSzZaaTZlSlE?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 06:01:52 GMT

DeepSeek's breakthrough emboldens open-source AI models like Meta's Llama - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxOaUZQRFBHSll5ZnpjX3RKZ3NXZ21tTWFSN3FndXh4S3ZhbF9PNG9ZLUVKLW9BbVJnZFVqbnMtMGpfVGlFWDVXeFZTLWdHSXdjclc3R2xsN0UzN18xS3JUdjMzQlhXZzA3WEtuZTNlZER4TzFjcDBtajZQcDBGTDMwYUFMeVhvb2JNbS1xbzBZNU1uOHY5aGFLYjJZbXdEOURZNHJlM0c4TWI3QdIBrwFBVV95cUxNMloxZjhMNGw1azgyaHcyNkh3LW1HVUFZa1ZyeUMyTGRnSU54UDRWV0RORllpTXFjcUVOeG9KN1FOTkpJWS1WSnhiVTJfQ2d4eWRuZHdDb29IbTZ6ekpNTGtzZEdLeWN1VmJ3bGUzYkFjTkhvbXo2dkJTazlEQ29iVVJuei1ESkwzTTMwZGRfVmE5SU9ZZFZZVEJEd2pCcjhqSWh3UlprXzM2cXJEeVBn?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 06:08:18 GMT

How to run DeepSeek locally on your computer - MarTech
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMic0FVX3lxTE5WUElLZEFNZGJnQmstTkxKcUplcFRmU0tJLWR5VEZYSXN6X1FaVlJmT1FCNzBBSlh0bzRNTXNvdlZ0UDIwc0NNcHRpWkdlS092d3B5RDhPWjNGMldmTS1rb1N2MDZzaW1HeHBVcmZtRlNKOWs?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 15:36:11 GMT

Amazon is jumping on the DeepSeek wave to boast about its AI game. But the real test will be its upcoming earnings - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihwFBVV95cUxPUThyWC1la1kySVB6cHZCYVgybGRFb1hYdjRSM0R5Ukx5TVVZckc4TUJNbFNtWnJkZDdMR0lpeFh3RW4xUmRkcThsUmd6ZUo4TURsUC1VWTd0bE0yNWNmMHd6MzIxMlZ6MFB1Y05OT2dLNnd3Y0JTM0RSWThDOE11SHhGcXlMaUk?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 17:35:12 GMT

Complaint about DeepSeek filed with Belgian privacy watchdog - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiywFBVV95cUxObE1CVmlOUm9aRVlGc3djYl90cklMamNDT0U5cFhtRElQNVk1VXdmNzJEVTZFcUhIY0pvdGRRVFZNRzc2OWE1dWVxTUlzcVNRRnl6eTNNckhHS01MYmZ0R2o4U21RVkRrV0pzeW5uRzYwX0RlVl9JWGxnSHJrczNHTE10S3hXNnNvd3A3LWducHZpb0xSa0JYM3VMLXVOR1lhWGtTT2FjT1Fjald2ZU9wU3lDZGtWSnFVcjlkYnBobUo2bzF3WmdSSmt5SQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 21:00:21 GMT

Europe's AI bulls pin hopes on 'Jevons Paradox' after DeepSeek rout - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMizAFBVV95cUxPRHNMaEE4ZnBVUk4zelgyQ21KOVNHQ3A4dXNkM000UTNoR1BaVGoxd090N3BsQUNvbTBFbDcxalZzbTBPaFFNN1F3bFdPbXl1QW9Rdzc0UWZvMFh3M3FpcVVxWmJwOEdVLVRzUVUzdHg2UG5KaGd3bno0RF9QM29IalNidDdOMXRBdnVMM25uVkpSc2VMWWNjNHBmdS1nbGZJVmotVm9nSDJvakhHRmtBdjJzR0U4V2o0RGNoOG90djZaWnVOWjk3S0FxMmc?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 05:38:00 GMT

How should China respond to Trump? Ask DeepSeek - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitAFBVV95cUxOWjJWMXdFbmhSbnNEYkFwaGxPZGlwZXR2dVhFbzJIZE9XSlhiZ0xSZUI5MzZiRy12MTdGTm5iT19KbUNCQnRYUEhZVTdXQnY2VzJJcWdtZDkxejNxTnpTcU1yWjRrSmpTSGtFZ1NyVUxDMHB2Zkh0aTdYMDhpa2MxZ0pOUDEzaEpGcUc0VEpSTUFrNFdRM3A5TVVJeFBxY1E2QXFIS2V3TUJDYW9JMmJsS2gwajY?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 10:22:19 GMT

As DeepSeek’s open-source model stuns world, will it push Russia’s tech drive? - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 02:00:12 GMT

After DeepSeek, It Seems Apple May Have Had the Best AI Strategy of All - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijgFBVV95cUxQR01OaXF3SUV1TnNGUUxHNXQxOWhlWXNqYjc3RGpuamVTSVk1bW9qbkpyeXNFRHJBREJyY1BZTFlWSEtNczlGMHNDYnlESnd4QU92WDctNk9Hc2JJdG5OVmJYWlVzai0xYUVPS2ZTTDNENGJkcDctZjVwRE9wR1BjWGFhenpMNmprYjdQa2VB?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 11:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek-R1 more readily generates dangerous content than other large language models - ComputerWeekly.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiywFBVV95cUxQclMxVUpmLVZFSGZVd19MSzRZdjUzVU1aUG5KTmtFM1NrVXk4NEZvdXFVSVQtLU12Y2VaeEhIbnIxQzRUWjFxLXdnek5wSGJXdjNtX0gtMzVIaUxDOENZcHdrSmRmYUxHaGVBOWxHNjh4Vnd5bUxNQjhDNy1semlOcnl2d084UjVHTHFVS3ZMN185aTNwSFJJcmJzRXVVWkQ2eUd1MGdwT2o0dXROVC00Q1FQc3pFVWtuekk3Z1BSMFJEdWNXdlFVZ1JJOA?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 09:53:42 GMT

How Will DeepSeek Impact Crypto AI Projects? - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimwFBVV95cUxQckdGTVQ2QzVLaEo1VUd0U2RyQkxURW1DMG9ka3VzeS1Jb2xiYlVaekJickFjb01vcUxRZGRGbEpuX3BITDdRN3pISlE4czlzSngySWF5SmNtcHRvZ0xpWVpiZjd0TXdRdVVDelNGYk51NHVzOFlZU0RoMFk5VnZvNTJQSXhzX1NfRlU3WTJzRVdzclBDSUpnVzRZSQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 17:39:05 GMT

DeepSeek ‘incredibly vulnerable’ to attacks, research claims - TechRadar
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinAFBVV95cUxPM2loY0hycm9YLXltQUZScVd5Nl9VS1ZYc09GLWltbVE0UEZhSTZ3WUl6R2ZvSVVHOXd0Rk1RakRmOTFDVDhITGZSaUt6bzhRdDZsQ0tNM19FYWlzbkhRSmcxczBEVGxKMnJSLXJKbzN2alJrM2Uxc2RpZ1J3YVVHVlRsN3N6aWxQWU1rLURyT0lBWENDSVFfZWlLa2w?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 17:39:14 GMT

OpenAI’s Altman says ‘no plans’ to sue China’s DeepSeek - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxNZ3hvdEN0Zkpwb0MxLV9PNUw2ZEg4dkVpbDluR2J0ZEI5ZFVFTEhVdllVQ3htTW83U29Mb1ZxWERabGtWZERXbzNfLXVZQWRXRmg5WUt4eGVJYmx1TWpNdlJjbm1BWHhXMmdxM2VVZndRREhab3dYaXFrTFNwY1Z1QkFZNnJZNWVWaUVHdkFMMkFRcThDdHczazJ4c2hZa2Np0gGgAUFVX3lxTE12YUp2ZVZOamdUcERfSE1TNlNYWmNjMXprSnlZVHBhcGo5RXNLTjZqbEVCNExJdV9fdW5mVzRIX2lZSUQ0bFZCQ2x3TUo2NG00Ym5UWWIzaGpGck5qc1RxbUZjSEhab2JENkhGa2twdkQxWjdYWHZwd2hnemJLNlY5OUhmVzBFbmF0SGNIb2k4bXR4bF9qNTV2UllRUnZIUVY?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 02:32:37 GMT

DeepSeek AI tools impersonated by infostealer malware on PyPI - BleepingComputer
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 16:33:23 GMT

Is Nvidia in Deep Trouble Due to DeepSeek? - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiigFBVV95cUxNMHpVTkFPclpDTVRrM09qVTJkd3k0WUFiOTY0ckt5eUZoOVAzWHNFT096RldLU2h2R3RvWENEd2dScXVmNWs3TWtGNVNHOE9lMTFGS0pwWENJVlkzR2IxOUZIVUpnM2oxdWJJRHYxSU9Va3ZPWXFHYy1jeUlLVWE3Wk1UM2R2WmNUOUE?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 17:07:00 GMT

DeepSeek Shocked the AI Market Last Week. Here's Why Nvidia's Latest Move Should Crush the Panic. - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxPVkkzQzlUVGlGY2hIUFRNVnFrdno5VTRUTUVRMXFJRG9FZlFuME41bVRSNU1LYnpZZVoxSHg1M0RGdEpLMGxURDdkTl9oYWlSUEIwLTdfWll5REdraGZhNHpxbksyZVhJRVRweUR1NVdHSDUxLVJMRGx4c2Vab05zUmhtWmZkRjBTUmxTb1o0QjVQRjNGazBUOQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 10:45:00 GMT

NSFocus: DeepSeek AI hit with 'well planned' DDoS attacks - TechTarget
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisAFBVV95cUxOTWh5VFRNWk9ZMUJLZDVaYmN1SnFqLW5nR2NuTmVjWmpDQU9IZFkydkpXWWlpS1c2U3pnelVlWXo1R0F1RHp1eUhNaGZoY2sxTmxQbm1FSWdyUUhFakllejc0Z3Y2Z0dGZEdJN19Yem4xVW81SDgwWFAzamYySTVTSzFxc0xmcnNJdEpmMFZSOTR3ZVpBbFBjbURnT21kOGJaN2hja3ZNYTU0YlZYUk5fMA?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 21:27:12 GMT

Which countries have restricted DeepSeek and why? - Euronews
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixAFBVV95cUxOUjJkVC04NWpqVGtlZ1JPb253eVp1MThYd0pZY0RYdTNtdEZoUU43dXdSb0RSN1A2THR2b3RsOFo2b2txaXBoYzUyVHJuNWFZczV4T2I5a216VFpRbWN2UERYNlVQX05LMWNZT3VoZld2SG9NN2JuWGpQQkNubnc4YVk2bFZEYWJaZXN1NVEtTy1JNnhkSWhyRk5fbE05MFJzeUVjSHN4eTBVbzRZcDdHVUpGeDZFYll4TW9RNlliVmN6NmRp?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 14:02:01 GMT

OpenAI chief Altman inks deal with S Korea’s Kakao after DeepSeek upset - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiswFBVV95cUxQc01VVDd6cVdFN04zNnljeDlndDJIVXJmdG9WYXhJRmpfUjFzbHJZTkxIa3kzbU5aUXI0X3pwZXJsckdZZklncGliOE1CUS1MRDBLZjdubzJMQjRMSWRDQkRWeUQ0NlAxcXRnUmIxQ05QOTU4cV84MnpKRHlPSFNLRkZydVk3SGotSWw3TDljeFR1R2YyN0tUOGMtSmNHZFZ1ZXZ0S0IxZmU1bHo5aTZjZ2IwRdIBuAFBVV95cUxPcTNDOUIwQ0ItdTQ4SmJFU3JfcmdWZWJvQXpNUURJZ1UxNWdXbFU0Y2FybTNsQi1OV1lNcGhzblJmckFabjQyRml6U0VLOXJvSk5OZmpLMnZEeWZJMlRoZmlidHBOcno5cWdQY2d4OFYzXzl4cFc2eHkzbndYdFZXSDBHdHBiNm85bmhjVlE5eXpZRE5LYlFfTTFDNWh5RGdzVVpTUGpjNUtwWHZrRzNLMjVTRFl5dFpV?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 05:55:13 GMT

No, DeepSeek isn’t uncensored if you run it locally - TechCrunch
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijAFBVV95cUxOOTN2NTdhc3RfTmlSVVpSdmduQUJZZ0ljay1qQ0RnNEtlQjhaeTQzNkg0WVBDbGhyRTNtQ1gyTkhBNW5ZLWN0Y3hydU1JYkNtellTWXJCVmtCa0xqUWE1d3lTNlVMaFpLQVVkOHBVUU5RZHNFQkl1NHR6YXJzM1ozM3RiaWhFTk4ybmY2MA?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 21:52:42 GMT

New Law Would Make It Illegal to Use DeepSeek, Punishable With 20 Years' Prison Time - Futurism
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiY0FVX3lxTE5kbXpXTHdwVUFaMEtqc04tZWViaGZNMTZqbF9IU0JXRFZ1ZGtNZ3RoSEVIejdPZlc1Y1VfdVJ5ZTd5QUhyVERzSkt4ZWVoYmZxek5iVkI0UFZTUHFyR3FkMUlHbw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 15:40:02 GMT

OpenEuroLLM vs. DeepSeek and ChatGPT: Key Differences Explained - CCN.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimgFBVV95cUxPLUZ1Y0Z5M05NbWZ3aEVjYUxDS1NiRGNUbFdwbHNEc0RmUk0zSV9lN0s4T08wRGlBamp0Mkl0VW9iUXZlMkZROTBIQWhJS21ud3VZWFVyRVFMTmJNNERsVVlpaDhDSGNFVWFCQzNXb1N5UEpoUFFCVmo0OHpqN3hzcTdJWnQ3cUhMVm80bG1WajRCZUNablBnV1d3?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 11:49:20 GMT

DeepSeek: The countries and agencies that have banned the AI company’s tech - TechCrunch
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirAFBVV95cUxPMWVlX3FXZEExanFQbkhCMml6ZndYUXZvbUc0YUhNRXhUTEEwNU9rcDQ1WmRKdDRTc3J6M1plRjltNl91UlNpaFowdERjOTN1UEQ2OEZ6VUpoUDh3OGdEZE9pdzlnODdVMFhzTm1zam1hdExFby1tM21DTUh4TGZoMGRXUHl5aHQ2Z0hZX29WRE1LMndCd1RwUGxqM19jQTlmQ0lHd0xuXzBtenY3?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 20:00:40 GMT

Palantir advises clients against using DeepSeek's AI tech; forecasts upbeat 2025 revenue - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxONjZyS3JHT0hGQUczOEV2ZkNfeFctUDhOOVh3X2Izb2Nmejh3VHdFUDNOMjFVYk1jdXdTdXBMOXlUWEw1TmtxMEs2OVkyeDc0eVBqQUxqWWV4QUstaVdvWjluNklhRWRaV3FVc19HcXptbHk0LXEtWExMb1FUaWZDWHFTOVd5cG41V1BTdDd1V180RXk0WW1BaGVCVHk5aUNId04xZDRSWFNhUQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 23:06:00 GMT

The Download: following DeepSeek’s lead, and OpenAI’s new research agent - MIT Technology Review
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 13:30:00 GMT

OpenAI’s DeepSeek Response: Catch Us If You Can - The Information
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijgFBVV95cUxQQm9Xb0ZEUVZ6VG9lcFRMMkVOSXRGaF9TckpJQ245TWlkZmNBbUs4Y1BuSTBRNGlCOFItanIwbnctYXV3X2ZoSm5yTWxSZkhYd0pHaFphdl9WaXVfcnVJQjFOYXdNMUM2aE9WeFZYbUZDUnpRZXpVbE1TcktKbnFUUndndTFCdHZEU2tpV2xB?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 15:17:00 GMT

You Can Use an Uncensored Version of DeepSeek Through Perplexity - Lifehacker
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMieEFVX3lxTFBiMXpQbmJyVTdUbmQ2aGRBcEw1bVFER0J1NElVLTg5YUN5eUlCcU5PX1FvTUxXY28yTmRhaFJVbmIxMVItVlpZOVc3VVhVUHRPWWI3WHA4aUwzaUZGWWJqU0t1UzFSUGVDeUFWVGZubjhMYkFuX0VCNw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 16:00:00 GMT

Alibaba offers DeepSeek on cloud service after Microsoft, Amazon and Huawei - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 12:24:14 GMT

DeepSeek-R1: Why So Startled? - Forrester
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibEFVX3lxTE9uUlJ6V3FDeXdRSjBJemx5bkRQNjNUZjlQekNsVTRpMlhXQm0xcUI3eUxidTRjaTdZRjdtNGRXQlYyMjh3VUtVT0laUmFRb1ljNmxkVjZGZ1A5NFR2SVZDRHZBOG1MbUlBQmFFaA?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 07:39:01 GMT

China’s DeepSeek AI Reshapes Global Energy - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxOMWpIS3E4dGo1bTRiTEt2ZTR4aFNRdWpFNkpxaThiZHdfM2NvZ2lWNVpkNnNHNFhrV2hWZGJvekZhaW15bmRJUUl1ODQ0RUdvVHhCWDRBMkFkYTZuMy1oTjVYNXlTM3FxUk5oRGtZNk1DNllpdmVpTTkwWHBXcHdHR1R0aUF6ZzFfbXRtVy1Ib1N0V3pWOHk4Yg?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 18:09:31 GMT

The Chinese AI companies that could match DeepSeek’s impact - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinwFBVV95cUxQUEtsc3lTVXdtdkVUV29id2RKMnVJQkdDdlAxRHhjcG8weXFHQU5jeUhZbkxvRHk3NWtGOXBGdl81ZlhfZldaZVlac09CY0UwSVNIWEdZa09FSG1CazJKdW1rOEFfZy1keEgxb0JrQ3duYklpZ3RpeDBwbC1tQTRnYjctR0s3cHpYWWxDNzFqdVlzUHNwSzZLT0xvZnhCZ00?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 14:00:00 GMT

Here's What I'm Doing With My Nvidia Shares After DeepSeek's Groundbreaking Innovation - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxONVpNb2FoY0g0UnZMcUZZWG1HYW5RN1hzM0owUFFwY0gzOXQ1eENFWkNURVB3NmswbVZ3Vm1wSGEwZk1YUHJabXphREpCRnMxTHdwc2VBd3NUNlNfZkRKRVRTSUhTUF9qMkVMRjMtU3dUNGxQWW9qWHItUUtmUTZmT3hvOGxnSURnR2hNQmw5NXk3dEtBWTYwZg?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 15:00:00 GMT

I pitted ChatGPT’s new o3-mini reasoning model against DeepSeek-R1, and I was shocked by the results - TechRadar
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi7wFBVV95cUxOdlkyUnFkV2JiTXNiRWpmdWFXaFY3Sno0bUgyRFlfRzc5TFlTbF9sRk9feTRUTm9tT0ZlcTlfbmlzMkR4ejYyTE5XenBxR0JKbk5YMVc0Q2VTbXJrYjFSMDQyUWdSRG8xWDcyTUJjMURfNnBxb0dhaXlTNnlhYlpmck5nRVpSNHM2SVBCcWVtWG5XQnVjWjRnbHNOcE9xRWJLeXhXZVVGSTZsN21HQU4tel93SXAwRUdNOWl2U21VcFdCT2d6Z0JDVmVGVGRFOTRITUdGSVk4b3FubkV2RzZFLTNPUjE4WHpRVE5PMXVpRQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 19:30:00 GMT

AWS Weekly Roundup: DeepSeek-R1, S3 Metadata, Elastic Beanstalk updates, and more (February 3, 2024) - AWS Blog
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixgFBVV95cUxNTmJ0R1p2ZWMzOUh1SmdRR2p5a2oxY3U4TjkwUmY5Y29qbUc4MWdlYlpOLWJYYjJqdTZ3b05DeVMxUXVON3lXdmppV0ZTTmh3N0hOYUw2SGZQYlBnbWhTSHBpeDV6VFloQndhSEZXN3d5bGxkWlc3eS0xem1qckZubDQ0UzhwR3FrbDJxYTdpYUdOTlhRaDJkSFBTNjhDVFMzdDRucjgtXzUwTHJ1bnFuZkVXYm9feDNNTC03SDVxME1tWFZIc0E?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 18:43:16 GMT

‘From Huawei, Tiktok, to Deepseek - how many more bans will US impose?’ asks Chinese UN envoy - Global Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiYkFVX3lxTE1LZDdEeUM2VVNKeW81V3ZPZjBlVUdaS1JPZWd1R3VxMF9DYy1aTGxrV2M5QVpiTm5vbUlOcjIydmpfTE8zVUZxYlJiTGt4NDZncU1zRjNIWVhVRml4bXp4MkxB?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 02:51:00 GMT

DeepSeek failed all safety tests, responding to harmful prompts, Cisco data reveals - Capacity Media
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxQeWcxRzM5ODRNUTBfREEydWxtX3FyUkdadXRCTEZ5aVJWM21lenNoUFJkbXZWUUdDZDcxOE1DaG9JUWR6YzF3T1djVDN3Zm4xamc1QnYtSnR1TnF5WW5vbW9LUzM1LS1xMGJ5bWloakVnSVJZX0xSUHI5X1JINGRVU3ByM1MyRkNOZkxoQ2UzTVNHZTktcHZ1YkRvdkFaV1BkcXA3aXRndnhUQQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 12:04:09 GMT

Will DeepSeek deep-six the US economy? - Asia Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMid0FVX3lxTFAybmRJakVtbGQ1UlRkc3hpWmJVczBrVTlxM1FOZHk0ZUUtbl96Z0N1UGY5Zy1WOWd3RGNNbUJrcGY2YkFtcm9hb0tJLUpOZTFtY1FQUm0tMEYyMGtMRWNMMjZBSlJMYUpubXA0T25VRHdEWktQVjY4?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 15:20:28 GMT

Nvidia counters AMD DeepSeek AI benchmarks, claims RTX 4090 is nearly 50% faster than 7900 XTX - Tom's Hardware
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi9wFBVV95cUxQamRJc3RrRzI4NDBlNmo5T0haVVZkS2lkUk5yQ05fZldmRXpGMVFjejdYazNtSkhKLU5QUlBwbHRCaFIzdmhFZkN0b1dUamZXcHlwUllJTGk3SFZTYThxZmxSZFE5Q2hQU0hGUWJUdlFoZk9CclV2NnpzMWRZMnNsVHhsR1diUk5RMDF5dkJWeVZCWjNNdVVVN2taTjg5YlFzNDRDamcwZVMySFBVaGZycktNaC1WSW04aVpyS01HaDZBRV9kbTZTNFM3cDhvcDJLcGRHeXZGa19JclFmSURKeGRiMXFpS1dWcDJiRWJNejg1dkFjV1JV?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 12:12:29 GMT

Nvidia Calls China's DeepSeek an "Excellent AI Advancement": Should Investors Press the Buy Button? - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxPNkFrLURMdEZWOV9zdmRrTUhNbVFkdWswZWx2Qmh4cTJlMmFIdmpsQ3doaVluenA3TEJaT0U3RWVmanl3TTQ5V3RfS3kyYVpydEloNWZXbjBmSF85MGR5cjNFSFI5eFhtTGdIVlNXX3UxNmxwMnVIb2NkTXA5WFVZR2hKLUw5RU9iT3k1Zno2UG10N2h1b2g5Sw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 02:03:00 GMT

The DeepSeek Crash: What It Means for AI Investors - Kiplinger's Personal Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilwFBVV95cUxNcWtkMTNoeTZjZUNGSzRLbzlxS21kZDBxelBZZjM2RzFFTEd6Y29kZ2s1dW1qMDNRa0wzdXpWenV2ckF0bUVzYkVuSm5xc0pETVB1T3ZIUWczN0ZjNDFaNkFRV3gxak5GWnNvNnNlZ2NBWWQ4MmRVUmR6dzBJN09COXJ3ZUlTTDlvcXlMZmtGM0ROS2Fuek9z?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 21:23:28 GMT

DeepSeek AI replicated for just $30 using Countdown game - Yahoo Finance UK
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihgFBVV95cUxNZG5mSkR6RUNqNXdXNjgwX1hFWnJGQjNwN0lCMzFOdG8zTG5fQ1NWTXd0MUpOTXpfSXpoMzZscHdhaV91Q1h3aDQzckVwakxGV1FUZzh2d3djb0MtMmtNc0lQQmwycWFVVXdsb18xUjZGQzZsSVY4MUMteGk2RHNmR0lMSEFOdw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 12:29:32 GMT

DeepSeek download to be criminalized in US, could mean 20 years in prison, $100M fine - Yahoo! Voices
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiAFBVV95cUxQRkZNVjdqbHRZYjFrNGxhX1RNWnVac1dsMFphZWlYclFGUTRWX2h0c3hxUG1rVEVRNUhhaEdWSEVZc0JuUVMwYnhqUXp1eExTZ0M4MnVCTjc4YmVyLU10T2ViaWxONXVpczNoUVpaU2oyaDJLTldaNXpLWk5ldnJ4WFNqUXh6WEhx?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 21:49:25 GMT

How DeepSeek's new AI models are impacting the profits of global companies - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirwFBVV95cUxQUG1wNmlTb3NFbUdzR192bEFKVzBLZE4zY0wtZ1l3bVIyY1R5dko2b0RTREsyc2xEb05fZjg2QzhkcWhJMWVpa3FtRDQ2d1FUb29EQzdoVXhDZGNsbzROTWhVSUxFUnY5c3pxdjNEMXVrTXFVd283dnVHYTRUNHctRHFOakRDS1NkR3J1TzFsVEFJZ2dhc1hSUXY1dzNRM0VoUV9yOWVseHQwZUY1N3hj?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 23:28:25 GMT

I tested DeepSeek vs Qwen 2.5 with 7 prompts — here’s the winner - Tom's Guide
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilAFBVV95cUxOQUtVTmhmZmYxeTJDMTE3NklkYUdXOU01OGxRaUZBVm1ob2x0VWo5N1JSeHU0eW9KOU9BUDE3MU1haktoZEcycXk1aHNYdUlablNVOHBoM2diUG5JVmwtY2lwdnBqb2F0c0dIWEVsSnRwTUdjQmlBM204MTlrZUdRV1dKMmxwQzVvVWowQW5NWEE1bXU3?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 09:00:00 GMT

What DeepSeek Really Changes About AI Competition - Just Security
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibEFVX3lxTE1LUHV0M0pIR2RIajVQOWVWVTFfVEZvSjdSREU1dk5Qam0xNmF2a1lhWUlDbV9uNGVlbmRFbFBhTmg3Y25kZTEtR2g4M05DYkNMamlycVJJbXZmTnlxR2w0ZTFFRlZJWWNzWjRRVQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 14:00:15 GMT

Warren, Hawley Call on Trump Administration to Quickly Address Export Control Failures Revealed by DeepSeek Breakthrough - Senate Banking Committee
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi_AFBVV95cUxQbXg3OFBjWVJDalhsZloyVkF1cW5Dby1idEthMC00ZHdPWk0wZ2w2MW1FWmxmNGN6T3ZkSEhLRTZ6MnhSRG5CVnQxTi1GLURQU3UwNzlGSGl2eWEyYmh6NG15TVVHQlZzYU9iTGpwZWRINlVKblFNbWlvNDJ3VjdMeFdyYzZZcko3Rk1mZV9PR0FCeFVXa3hDWDktT0lSakVlVFJkVkc1RkE0dWVZZGMzeHNLQk52UWdnNHptZXZQcTlCT0h4YXlOM2g2ckZ5Mnk0cXBWUEJ0cm11LU1yV0NfaFlrcnN3VlJKckNDXzI2bGszSVNhX2xMcjIwdWY?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Roundtables: What DeepSeek’s Breakout Success Means for AI - MIT Technology Review
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 17:49:55 GMT

Was it a lie by the Chinese startup? Industry analyst says DeepSeek incurred $1.6 billion in hardware cost - The Economic Times
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 19:19:05 GMT

Researchers replicate DeepSeek for $30 - The Independent
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibEFVX3lxTFBnOW0yRUQ4UXBDUkMwemhhcWxXeTI1MHFoalM4eDlsMDZTb0w0QzIzMjhOOFdIeXdBZU15ZmdKUlBIbl9xZFdpd0RzZE5XWV9PaVdwV1lPeVdNbWVDdnhBUXJaUUItWHFkZ0YzNA?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 12:29:00 GMT

Outside the Box: Who’s Better at Strategic Coaching, ChatGPT or DeepSeek? - Fair Observer
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisgFBVV95cUxPNUZJZWhnQjJmMExKUWx1ZXVvVXZ4UGhubEE3MEJZZXNzLUF3LTVSeVEtUER5NGQ5eWVXV05rUzl4MmxWYVRmRmN3eEpZSEhUVmNaYmlHRy10ODhxUXZzNjV2a21sYUkzbFFULW5IeWZwdVQ2QWY1QVpVaVBKWEpwcXBucU9XZ2dtMkRJRHNEem5RQUZvYWh1cmRmeVZCOUZkWFpDSDNzZlZlODNjdm5FcFJ3?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 10:05:00 GMT

Ad tech hopes open-source AI like DeepSeek will level the playing field with walled garden rivals - Digiday
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiywFBVV95cUxOR25xZW5MVFYzbGVQMk1GMlE4RWJ2MkhKeWxBdkZpQTkyZWluMnZWeEZReUg0X0lDSkV5YXRsMTNYQ19NZnp5LTZaM0ZKNHlJM3VuYTJNS0tIdm9BR25wZDR2QmVyYW9VVHZNd3haS1VwVEdmYXNhcFZmR1VvSkpGRXdRbnh2V2hhNFNlbUh2WU9Ec0dfOVB1ZWN4VEs3QTVidktybnpsVlk2XzBwRG9fdEdEb1RQQlVVcE9uSkpjVW1aMWhsSzk0MGdtbw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 05:04:03 GMT

Singapore to Probe DeepSeek's High-End Nvidia Chip Purchases - BankInfoSecurity.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxPQ0U3am9LR2dwRkZ0alNkLXduSmFsUkpvbEtwVFBQcHpkTTFqNzVrMTR1STN6VzhjaS1qWVpTanZuWkt2bnFZVWY2YlppSFNPN1gtWGlBVnhkY0VyVEtqa3poMjBpSHZDQ3ZLMUpyY1NTQzZOVktHZXlOXzI5Mm5qS2ZVZThWRENyR2hvWUxPQm4zNWNoUzRZTUhGeEtSUTBtcWc?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 18:51:09 GMT

Does DeepSeek's Breakthrough Help or Hurt Nvidia Stock? 3 Views You Should Know. - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxNZk1xMnA0SjlOX2I4cXU0QlNoYkpmRmhMVkdWX3FsbmRhMC1EeTRDUFdtTGFIdjMyblJ6Z1ZKbkYzc1RNVFpBZ3k1LS1aaGloTXdNdEpIUU9TNjBNNUV1MC0tV3hXMFQxRmliVXJ6UVR0ZDRwVlFnRUY1UFhuUFRuQ0tVZFhrQk5PS1c1c29LblViMG1qTnZpSQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 12:55:00 GMT

DeepSeek poses 'severe' safety risk, say researchers - Tech Xplore
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMieEFVX3lxTE5aRXJZYjBxUGl4NGx3dWhiNGpBOEpvOUMwUVVvZ2tyVlUwT2t3SVlNUXJzLWxNV2xXaXN4QmQ0SXRCREhQRjY3SUtYdWduLVNEWVAwZzF3SHdoZk5OQkhUNDVaQTdQQVY1dDNiOVNKTEkzcTU5d0ExMtIBd0FVX3lxTE1JNThaVEJic25zQ0xfRXdrclh0Wm1sc09vcXZpeWZyVkJJRXVKS3JKN0dMUWVXeWZ3UUs1NlJMVzhHSy1ZTF9MMkFVZHkwbUJjNUtSVi16MDE4UWhvLWFsalBiY3VaWERmUFNvOFRKc05vVHZsZElF?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 19:35:18 GMT

OpenAI announces SoftBank partnership as fallout from DeepSeek continues - Semafor
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiekFVX3lxTE5kTmZTT1MwQnladTlOZWVmdFVRdDhvMmZDMnF2cXpyLW5GekNnOHFZNlJ0eVFOQXNCUjVJdGtDUlQ3aWhkcmlRRXc0aU0zMzhycVpKenhQSjRzRTh2aUU1WFdLZzlfT3dibWE0QjhEOE5zTnhoNWlRenBn?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 11:56:00 GMT

Cyber security implications of DeepSeek’s open-source AI model | Cyber Security Hub - Cyber Security Hub
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxOVWpLR3R5cjdKNmRINmNOU1hKUVRQeERjZ0ozS2QyV1p2NllkMGRGanJOMVUtTldlMzBMYXk5MzNuV2QtaVFvdDFqeGZRaWVlRnNWeGlHa3ZwMGRleUdieFBianU2WVptQWhremxXdzA3R3F0WWhqWUFzTjNuTWhNeXlCemVuckxadFdTaHNfTHFkS3hKVzRJcVNnT3VRV08tQVHSAZMBQVVfeXFMTnVMdzh3N1hwdXUwbEVUdTRmUkJwVGFPdi1vdDZhN3AydnBWNHJueEpvODZLSlB0VVV6cHlCSl9hMGJsZ3lPeFROVTZ2b1RKLUtDY3F3a3Q5QVQ0WnMwbEYtcWs4TXBZTE1UblBUT0lOSG9sOVJrQllWajJ3VUNRZ0FCb2ItVnJCR3dSOGhMcGdtTUZN?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 14:26:50 GMT

AI Lessons Learned from DeepSeek’s Meteoric Rise - HPCwire
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxPX3dpdzZzMFhFR3lVY0NETmtPcHRwR2N0eHdmS3c3UER1ajZvaDZsVXh5ZWxhcS1CTUNyNC0zdU9kQkFSLUdBdE9iaGZ4SGl5czVXUGdNaFFSZktWS3ZSMWo0R2dWMEZjdkdrU0JScnRwS093S1NFbXl3WVpyZU5YNlZHSHl1R2s5eVFJ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 22:22:17 GMT

DeepSeek’s Ascent Means B2B Firms Need to Consider AI ROI - PYMNTS.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisAFBVV95cUxQVGQwV3E2YmU4NzJEeVdCWXpiM1JYUllwbEZfd2R3Ty1xM3hLNnp6ZE9sNkJ0MTJ5aEhMT1B3VTJMY195ZmtNUkFtdnZYT2hHbkc3Z0Y4V2dZclRjRWp1TGpkdU9LRktvcTRoQW1Ec2lRelBIdTZZbDF3cFlUdkF4UHp1OEZZZEk2NjVPcnZmcWEwYWdQMTgxdmxEcVVSaHE2T0o5Ty1MN2VYVVJZMEc1dg?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 04:50:09 GMT

DeepSeek R1 has taken the world by storm, but security experts claim it has 'critical safety flaws' that you need to know about - ITPro
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxPZFFib3U1eDRVeW0zNFVHelBaMDBTRm9sX0xhQzVWQjdFZE4zdHJ1cEp1RzBKVDhRQUFOc0JZNHFiWFJiOTJBNGcyenJ1Wks2OVVwNWZ0TFlVMnNBR000elZPQXVBSmg1UlRyOUR6NHR0aEJobVNJMVVISFJKU2FUVWdnNmY5d3hnd19NZ04yLUVFazdENzRZSThaOWV3eS1R?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 12:31:16 GMT

The DeepSeek lesson - InfoWorld
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidEFVX3lxTFBXd1JwRng5bkQyZWk4ekdJZ1RFM0tjcGFydUZIMkxTTFBwQzhmLWNLMjYwdm9zTDN0MjJJYjZTenBEYjJoQldoWkRFQy10Z2k1YW9EQ21aN2VmRnEyTUN4NkNYbHNGZWZzeUg0STRSMFpURjRp0gF7QVVfeXFMTTFpdHktS2tRTVNLSE5CVkozckZ5bGUySXN3TlF1LWFpekI1MDd2X2otTWtjQnJUUk1Qemllc0RxVHc4NXR0Mnpka0YwUmVxTGxwNDN0cmlhejVIeWh0cmZLbXNiS0NrN2hqT3FGdWxrOUI0TmF6N2pPelVV?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 09:03:27 GMT

DeepSeek disruption: how far will US go to keep its advanced AI lead over China? - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 06:00:14 GMT

China's DeepSeek 'divides' OpenAI: I personally think we have been on the wrong... ChatGPT maker CEO Sam Altman - The Times of India
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikgJBVV95cUxPYWtLdHFtMy14c19XemxWMG9oZmpkQWpaY1lFV1hMNENhTDJ6V1hXRzV2VUZHSkpMbWU2TzNUNFBjakZfMENNU2tXWHMtRzBORG5TR0YtWWh6WTVhUmVmWS1kMjNhaXExS3UwR3RYRk5XNl9EbWlQa3JGV0diV2J1dXExT3dHajVxSlltbTQ2Y0VUdktGbVltUDlaLW1DallCNWNIbnlERmgxRklxVThXRnYyUGprZVc1dHJRWVo2Q0FmcjRYRlktd29neXlVSHJxVjJLSUxBSFdmbFh3QjFzUklTQ29SUkNsU3N0bWJzd1d3NFFlQldTUXphNkhja09RLVBDa1NPNnA2MHAxYVh6dlFn?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 06:03:00 GMT

Analysis: What Microsoft’s Q2 Says About Its Channel, AI, Cloud And DeepSeek - CRN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuAFBVV95cUxPS2lZRGQ4UDEtR1YxeFowZ3pxY2cwOURiS0I3RU1IYk40ZVhzc2N3RUxTSGxHZlRnUmtSaENxZ0hqblVrQzVfUjJ4RV9Sd05fUjBmMmQ5WjltelIydW9rNUxLYjBrQUdlNG1IRXU5dlMzZ3RsSU8yeXJfTWxTZG1ralFZcVRrY0J5V1RGeVdGLVFNeU9ZV2l2STZFZWlJNlVHT21iT2k3VUVOV1hQWFAtN0xicE9wRjR4?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 18:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek and the High-Stakes Global AI Race - TechNewsWorld
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilgFBVV95cUxOci00YmEta1J4V24tZUtVYUZxcWlnYnFRcVNNRnF5RzlmQWswdm9jN0tKX1FsZWVjWDlSVEktVzh0dXZFaGVSbFk4YUt2NVUyMmpYY2F5OGRKSWR2cDFxQ1N6THBGWmJhUnFEQUZOUVUwelJMcjkwSEpZS29XRXRIeWlIaGE0NUhGVk1VWURpcUYzN0pKWmc?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 01:37:44 GMT

Gas turbine demand is solid despite DeepSeek, Mitsubishi Heavy CFO says - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivwFBVV95cUxNbHFaWkc5NlE4STZ2NHZYekptYXdic1hjNnJqbzhheEtrMG42TGljVzhWNWJBeG11SGxuRk1QZkdYOThsNmZtbi03NTdvbnJ6MEZ1UjZ1SHB0OVJDWUd0V0FsYjQ1Mk42NkRacnJMVW5XVkVLSzg3OWtBZzRZVUJ6dnhQZHhqTUVkSFIwX1QzbnpSWlFWc1JWNmkwSlVoc3V5QTJyZHExN2REWjhSX1RvX0ptaUp5VlI2MWUtaThDRQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 07:23:00 GMT

More Details On Why DeepSeek Is A Big Deal - Hackaday
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxNN0RwS0JMaHVROVc1T1FVSjJXc3lHaVNYYjIzOVZnUndmVlltNHdYbzlxMUFrNWt4cWlLdlZQUVBFWFJ3U2tRVGRGUmJKYkxBTnZPRWduTG1wQVdVb0FZZThPUVFNVklXUjg0QTZQVElodTdKNlFHcFdRVGVhb0hkZg?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 00:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek ended Silicon Valley's AI advantage. That's a good thing - Quartz
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiAFBVV95cUxQRXFjZkI4RUtqcUtYUTlYVlBZem5vc0UwVWZoNmd0NzhQWVVwWjJ2UHZHMXA1VEswTjlOdjZvTHQxQWdmVmhTUVRqd2R6QWdhc1RMTTl1OVZOTWNpMWtsNzloVUhvUWhBQTV2d19peDFJODFzS0JFdml3aEw5UFdFMThTc1UtcDMw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 10:00:00 GMT

New Relic Announces the Industry’s Only Observability Integration with DeepSeek to Accelerate AI Adoption and ROI - Business Wire
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiigJBVV95cUxORmFNQ3dHMjNaNUJZaXVFMVkxWXBWclJmMWNUTUFRYXQ3MkFtMnZMb3o5YUhtQlU0NGk1NS01LV8wVGNXQk5MaGV4ckNDbUQzRkVad1ROTDZESFZyUm91Mk92bk9Gd3BBRi0tMEpDNEpGWDlVSXdwcTVxNWVhVGc3MUotaDVnaG9TRkZ3aW5RT05JTG9iaFlJNEg0Mkx2X2JhWG1JbmU2TFprekZ2ZkZ3MnZQWGwxS1VNd2V0M29ucVdpMlVxOU1wcVZHcHVCS19nR3duOTdncHZ4MUVSZzdUcmtTWTBQQ2VFVjVtR181a1lrM012aUpjcmNkVWhSbjc5NVNpaS1PUVZCdw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 17:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek spills Big AI's open secret: Bright people with good ideas can beat billion dollar binges - The Register
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMicEFVX3lxTE9MSVNSdzRGZUMyNGdGWHA0cGRuWm1DWU9yaGtIUmpQbWd4ZTF1MlBXc0RtbHY0TWNRWlpBWEw1R3B4VTFEZzVrSmJ2dE54Mk1NSVBSaXIzSklXb0VfRFpHUWppU3J2WDUyRDN2eExxVXnSAXZBVV95cUxPXzJCS0JnLVBFdFBXTWlCVG9xT0hsb3VFeFd1cHBrM2M3UnlnbzlLQUZzLVBsaFlSSjBfNG00Z1doUzhhTmh0Z05VOHNWUG9jVWtRLWxudHRjMFprci1XWmFVNjE3QVlQOVJ6MUx1TERULWZIaDZR?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 13:15:00 GMT

Op-Ed: DeepSeek's Rise Could Shake Up The Future Of The AI Industry - AfroTech
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijwFBVV95cUxOTWRGSmNRc25sbW43YnZURnRtMGU4NHpPZU4zejVtSUdsN2ZpczJCUHJMQmZONlgtRk4tOGg5bmYwc1ZoczVEWk1zV3JHTlk5UG1zdFJaeGEyUHE4dHUzSEhjQ0hHRmpYdU12MWRZSFZpWUlidm5LSUZwQWxJMVVxSDByWDBOMVdpaU0zVG1jbw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 22:33:50 GMT

DeepSeek, A.I., Tariffs, and the Future of Economic Security - Investopedia
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMid0FVX3lxTE40VUxySktXT3E4d2IxTERsZVVFdmgycHV1Qk4xc3VHakh0Y3h0V1diQ0hEZl9oY1RzN2N0c2dCdkNlbzNGTC1GYUhVN3FzMVY4VFBTYXJseDFCUE43MDZubHRrRzhRTDU4Y3hjRk9vNmNHY0hicjlB?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 22:17:28 GMT

Big oil bullish on AI power boom despite DeepSeek challenge - DatacenterDynamics
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipgFBVV95cUxQTFFDV0lURzhSdWpuOVdsUGlfYkFYYU5iRG9FYTlDdnBIY2RkSE9sd2JSQ3VtT2hKbWJ3YW4xaExscFNtZ3hvcjVmaW04Yk9zZDVZaHJmeXp2UDM2TW96N3dremp2eng4Y0ZsMnFEeGZXMnpSZXl5eXVVMHlfeUtxSmt0TV9INHZhd1Ftcm1GYThrT3lrVkdoN0x6c25YUENSTmhrdWtR?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 06:01:09 GMT

Cerebras Reports Fastest DeepSeek R1 Distill Llama 70B Inference - insideainews.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiowFBVV95cUxPVk0wNnNvNWJqakxzWGY3Y2Fab0g5emE2TTNDempobDRDUWlqZnNzSnY1QThGeG5jTENibm13aFhGd0I1MG5zaHM5bVBWXzVESktOZFp4MncwWExlX1ZnZlN1ZURnVDRodzJoMktFWXpnUmtudVRYRE5tbGtISWJfSk5zWDZqR0t6c0NxSkRaMXd2VFp6RTg0UnFncVpyd1dkNHNZ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 19:04:21 GMT

OpenAI Responds to DeepSeek Hype with ‘Deep Research’ ChatGPT Agent - Decrypt
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilgFBVV95cUxPV01ncnBkb0RPQ1RZLTVmcXZrVnRpS0Q5dzhnQlVvdDc2NXBmcnlWa1VaVFVhZGZRQlNSMllXbTdpRS1EOENaTWdxbDZJZ2FlM29oY1MzTHgwRnc4UHlMOUlMWVhsZmFCYUU4TldZR3dpODliVklhMUwxclR2YWptdG5BUEE1V3d3R2JHdzJNNmhHanhjQ0HSAZ4BQVVfeXFMTWdqYVozU2syb0R4ZVI2MFJic3ljdzdkN3MtOUw0b0s3czNyZnRES3pkZUtQTjNnTzFjaUZhTWpTOHdFSlR2eWJYQlVtWXltMGJFY3pYQk1uTmVBV2FfQVR2aTdDX0FMVnpMUFR3WmpBdHBjdmFXMDA4NlQxaU9sTWdPaC1kX1BoOXdDMmtMcEpMZmdLTGJpNkN0UUVCWXc?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 10:58:32 GMT

DeepSeek: A fleeting challenger? Or a looming threat? - scworld.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijwFBVV95cUxQei1lWXBuZ3RXejBYTFZrenJRSW1uUUUyUnFHdVlaQTlZaGlrY2VrR0hMY3FXYWVZQVUxZjk5S3VXejVkZDUwamVSNVBsZXRfNXRiR0R2bFBUR1VNMGo2WEt0bURzSWt1Yk9fQThCeWVNaThobkRZSjJvQzAzR290N0Y2TG00OVh3S3BWb1RhMA?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 15:46:00 GMT

China’s DeepSeek AI Is Freaking Out Lawmakers, but No One Can Agree On a Response - NOTUS
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiXkFVX3lxTFB5djY1RG12UVBNVWQ1OVdpODBSRGl2WFhTd0dMNHAxeVZ0QzEtWHJFUVpkZEJ0WjlQS1RTRWVRV1ZpN3U2ajlhU3ZQOWNHWDFRX0dfaG1nMTJuWDJrTGc?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 21:35:45 GMT

Nvidia Faces Potential Disruption as DeepSeek Challenges AI Spending, Fitch Report Says - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikgFBVV95cUxOS0xuWnJiN0FWREZQZjZBR0ZLNnQyV0g1NHMyME1nUmViQ21ub0R0b21UdFpVeGo3SDBCVUlMSlczMmxjcHY3SFBzLXJ5cjZBeDRod0wxVU1tUDUtbUMxMU4tNnJPTV94N2tIRTZfbWRGRDl5QVgzWHBMQ0FPR2RBZlhkX0p1MUgtZXVsQ3RsLVRjUQ?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 18:29:21 GMT

DeepSeek diplomacy: Disruption, dominance and data - The Interpreter
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilAFBVV95cUxOTzJEc1BuRjB4cHlKWGtXd2JZQm5tQ0MtNEVaaVlBdlZyWm5nMmFuYzVGbXZGaFdlZEx3QnRiN3I5b0RsVTBycGpkeXdvUTZwajdta3lkdzg2MU9DNXVqaGExbi1wd3NKaEx4U2NSdTYxUjMxV1NtbmdiZkN3YmRrRnlDWnRxRV9XM0pFZ2hGN0NfbGlZ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 03:04:17 GMT

End of DeepSeek? After Italy, several other countries get ready to ban Chinese AI company’s model - Firstpost
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi1gFBVV95cUxQLTBrLVhPc1dfUjhxcnhmT0FyUEM4MHNsYy1uTjVBQ0VwZHVmZTY5Q0F3OFpBSGp0ZnJXdW5RMFBIdXZ4LWZjWHNBVXZoV0ZwNlBDdTFBMU45a0I5WVQ2NVl5Zm10YzNVUnFlWThlTFduTzhwWTViUzA0WXNQcS05RExkTHVmaGxKc2pnaWhtM3ljWTVWMXZibFJMcXNHMFVRZG9xUVpZZmp5SzBtZlFodmJIMWJwb1lNS2VSanJhUzBkanJKTDdlUVBLbC1aYXhCVXJDY3Nn0gHbAUFVX3lxTE54Q1dZZTY4Wnk1U29mSzROR0tGYkNKTC1fQlZXSE9md2JrYjJ0NHp5WDJxYlNwM2pqMEIxMThpMDZaMHVOeEtjV3U4Y2lRTVhOSTVvUG1CbkpzMU5HUENlcFJta0FOUWpNdEhJcUxEV1dINkI5Uy1oeFRNcllyeVFGcXVhNklzTDdQQjVBZWQxVFcxNkFtX3lkM0RKQm9mTVdlQmEzeVpnbkpDRXRzdUZnZXVBZjRXWnAyem1yZlFfZFMybW5DZGRXWXlmQ05heWk1bFgwT2VmU0labw?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 11:26:53 GMT

AI Winners Following the DeepSeek Disruption - Nasdaq
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTE55SU9oWUxrMExHdGVodG1hRW9jQWtoNVl4SmE5Y0xVeVRpWkVsWjR6d3FUMFloV1VEV3Rsak1jQVR4UWh6b3Z3d0VSRlVva3R0aFV3UlZKLTBDZjQzTHpuWWRmZ3ZMUUFnbFcwN1hpUHJOT2Z6QWdHeXY5blU?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 21:58:00 GMT

Rep. Johnson says TikTok here to stay, Deepseek another issue - KOTA
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilgFBVV95cUxQMzBDRXlKdEpDZ3BiWGpHMzNzLXRwZGhpZ1A2bW5GbXBaX2RoMEhUQV9yUlU4aXRBMEVWTUVISmFOSWtwc2pjS3ZCbGpPdl9DTmdVTEZhMkZaY3BwMEp6dThkMlFiOUN4R1FXNW5hR3k4WnNIY1BFYVFEdlM1SExJLWU2QS1oa2xmWWxnYkQ1bkROTGxqNXc?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 00:45:00 GMT

DeepSeek Sees Huge Surge to Become Second Most Popular AI Chatbot - PCMag
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilwFBVV95cUxNbV9GaEUtSGMwSlVwMGN6MEVMLWlxZTZYVEF3b0lxWHdEYjRWMlhLT0VKZ2lGZGU5X1ZtUmlHbXdaWUNjWVY1ZW5rd1pVbXd2U1BPcU56OWQ1al9vajdkc0xGTVFEbldGQlhybGlVVVIxM19fTE5EWWxVSXpCa0hXc0N6RW1Qa09pNXhpUGFDZXhLd2FoYlZR?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 19:16:11 GMT

Texas becomes the first state in the U.S to ban Chinese AI sensation DeepSeek after app reaches top of App - The Economic Times
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Mon, 03 Feb 2025 19:43:23 GMT

What is DeepSeek - and why is everyone talking about it? - BBC.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiWkFVX3lxTFBrXy1NWjZjRDN2MENZOWV0cERodlVKcm1DdzJnd2tBenVKYUE1V3BPU3ZiQW5uRk5KMzA0T2wwVFZUbzBKR09lMmhpd3RTX3dTZ3EySHpQTC01UdIBX0FVX3lxTFBXOXdZQnMxVlh3UnBxenJkS2xDSE9CT3dEeTdVNk94emlpQ3kwY080VkVTNi1ZZmRVX0hOUW9teFFpUURoT3RaT3BDLWNwejROcTZ0NEpUM2RlS0xVLXFr?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 17:26:11 GMT

DeepSeek: A Game Changer in AI Efficiency? - Bain & Company
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMie0FVX3lxTE16NzlMc0lEUEItc19KanlDVFJ4bWRHUWRkY2k2VVZaSDdoV01Cc1RUcnJkVGtudVpxXzd5bW5BdXE5cG5KZVYzVXlVQjhrMUs1dmJoYkVoUXNkaGR4aUM5MmpWWGwxdDNDYkJfT0hVYWNwX3ROdU5nVVJ1MA?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 20:35:09 GMT

Chinese chip makers, cloud providers rush to embrace homegrown DeepSeek - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi1AFBVV95cUxPTkJaWnpDYi1UWmFCcXMzdzFfSUZjRDVQcE8td0FOdi1IMEZXZjRNNXNZSFZZV3NrdUl1NnZVV2tMaTI2R0xYUzBaODNDZFYyTzJNT01SOThla0NiWjM2NE1BdkpEWFNsVGJubXF0OXctRnVGOHJNSG5WMkZOSnBTdzY4ckRHM2pfYnN4UE45Y3M5Y3VLWS1icS1EOFRhbW5YQm1kZnJ2VmJJNXlpZkEwY0ZIR3ZZMno5cUJzaE1mSWVnWDV3V1VMMmZjZVg2TWFadVRBUg?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 06:43:00 GMT

4 Warnings About DeepSeek You Need To Know Before Using It - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitAFBVV95cUxQOGlVa25Hd0lnUG5kYmpBRVJxcXpib3oxSGpHd3NqSHUtQmhIRWhfaFdvZmpiSGJxcjFOMndfSTBWWE9KVDFnaDUzbmgtT3M4ZXBCM3k2Sy1pQjZMajZYUk44UWpTVW9Bai1vb2taRzZsak1vREdiTXFPb0RDTVBIUHRYV1VVb0VzNGN1X2tMNFZkODFHTGs3ZTl1VUt6U1RjRk5XZ09BeTFyZjJEUkhiU0NfT3E?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 12:47:29 GMT

DeepSeek’s cybersecurity failures expose a bigger risk. Here’s what we really should be watching. - R Street
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiyAFBVV95cUxQME9pQ1I4RnhXOTZZRldGeTdfeVJveVhJdWk0dmQ3UnFCYVJjTXlLNVJvUEcybHZibko2RTR4bkh3Q2dHTmR4WVBYQ00xX29YX1dGdm5fYzJIYlgta1dONW15dnc0TlRTY2Y0M0U4cWpEXzJSMkJiTDl1QTh6bUlLb2FKWFBxMnF0Y1JURGg1dTNuMmlrUTRvb19ndGEwN2l4WEdkbUpnS3JOb2htOXZFNmdIeVhLVldRakQwZGFldTBXWkpTRVJNdg?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 20:30:27 GMT

What DeepSeek Signals About Where AI Is Headed - HBR.org Daily
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiekFVX3lxTE5JLTl4U3puT3FtZlB3enBHX1doY1lCZDFvSEd1WkJPcUtuak1mN2tGTEEtdTM0SWxsTHA2MmFTd0Nkalo3NFh4eGZGczMxdzRJdGI2dWE2TW5GMVpKS2I3MGxBa21CZXJCMk44b2d6cUp4YzRjQnlsc0l3?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 16:54:41 GMT

DeepSeek Open-Sources DeepSeek-R1 LLM with Performance Comparable to OpenAI's o1 Model - InfoQ.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiZkFVX3lxTFBOTWV4X0F0UDJpSjVxYzJMZDhrWVhWaUVZaDNKTjU2ck5EM3lHMHZMVVppTERoRzJwc1JES3Z1SnF5SHJYSV84ZF9rX0tySDI4MTk4eTdjZTEzUjREU0xnYzlwb0lhQQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 14:01:26 GMT

What China’s DeepSeek AI Says (and Won’t Say) About Christianity - National Catholic Register
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTE96Q0pxczRfOGFOZDcwbHVqZVlKUkJ2Mmt4eFhtU2UyaTE0UVdMQjd1RUNQRUxQTXNWR0szNkdSeEYyYTdPQk5WNVdlWENWTFZrS09RR0pfNG9xWXdLb0FkQmZhNEpZOHFpSUU1ZTFid1ExNWhxd0ZQdVlkUzTSAYIBQVVfeXFMUFFfNEtyU1c0Y1RXQ2hpbnluei0wa0luQVJkaG1haEZvUlJBT1pzdHJpVFY1cE8yekExVzJlWE9Eb2l1cHFJWkRTWjFGYXUzNmFlTmNETmxtQmVLX08tblUxREJfMHg5Q0E5OHZEcXhSYXFsRUZXNVFMQURwZnhxeXFRQQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 21:49:08 GMT

What DeepSeek Means for the Future of AI - Built In
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTFBaWG1mZXhJaUNBb2Q5NTg3ZzVRUjV0eHNUTndVOG03NS1vUDgwdjFiU0ROdEVhU05pakYzTHQ5OEZNZzJuSFFsSWxFd1pXdlJGSGc2Z0FqakZjcTdoUmxmVG1ZcGQzMkstLWpnX1M1QUgzOHZlcTk0QlpCMEw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 08:00:00 GMT

Three things to know as the dust settles from DeepSeek - MIT Technology Review
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxPM1paRjJ5aENuNXRiSDBsRC14LUR1MVNFTTl5TU9JTUVqSE13YjBJVWdENU1qRnV6aTFIeWhMeUk3U3JPeWt3NFY3OGYyZzZGUFdmVmhlS0xwcEtRRWlOOEF0UktMeGd2ZkJaZnBmWlNQc0hKRnRpa212YTRsTjhWbWF2VlVsNHpVWjhLQVlsVk1IZUlpSWNLM2tFbFhzVGw5akdtMWc5UVhOV0nSAbABQVVfeXFMT0JlaHFVODhYdGpkNm51YnEtNkZMNHhPcmw5akhVWjhDdXNyTTE0NVl5dXZTVElMWjNiaUxkYW45LV8ydmJxOFduTjFJamh4V2NLUFktZWpLa1lXRlNQenFPZ1Y5RnNLSGZDbTZGZUtYSzl2azd2VWZnUElYM2FwTmVSQ1djbmx3WjRySnROZFZ0aDhKTEZNQ2NxSTkyMFhYMEkwRW9pbzNnNXJJdk9tTkQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 10:00:00 GMT

Taiwan Bans DeepSeek AI Over National Security Concerns, Citing Data Leakage Risks - The Hacker News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiggFBVV95cUxPUzZSODQ4b2w0TzNRT1JQbDZmaWx1TEJfc3hGb25vSTYzLVlNa0RHNGpkMU9OYTAwMFl2bHhTbmxXVmNEOFp1VERDektGMEduQkJ5N0ZCQ2pNSS16eEJZOWZ0cmF3N09obm5PcUxUZDVMSW5GY2p6akhhRlAtVjNPMTJn?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 09:32:00 GMT

Google Q4 2024 Earnings: CEO Pichai Says DeepSeek Models Less ‘Efficient’ Than Gemini’s - CRN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuAFBVV95cUxPQzRpS3B3WEkzaGVobTNWcFl0VGRKb3pObWxKZERONnBxYVczQ0JZeXJ6aUxLUmxfVUNrbFJ3RXhwdjdHdkVkLW5wMHZhZFI5VkpJcXdpMmJ3QWJDbWoyeGxZVzZQMU9RZEppNzdDT0lZbjluTmloYWhCZkVoR2ZGcDE3WGI0TDBDLU1EdjlJRC05QWFqZEppQ3VEWlp5Tm1BdnR1M3BrdXBWS2hyQzBneTFFRTFkcTA1?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 23:55:00 GMT

How would a potential ban on DeepSeek impact enterprises? - CIO
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMingFBVV95cUxPTmlnQWtMQ0ZpZVlZdFpabGx0dWhZb01GOUxhb2xHSlhTNFdfOGc3OGExWi1hOGIySmc2R0JIckFrdW5ScE1IMDRTWG5uSlU5c2J1cVZkZUx2YlJvZi1WZksxOFZyZW9wbEhBZlk5bzJNLTIzRGxpbGZVMnFSTG10M25kMjduYkJEMUJoUWRfd3gzMW1xRGhGaVhPMC15dw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 10:47:26 GMT

Is DeepSeek’s AI that efficient? Chinese firm’s computing power in the spotlight - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 13:00:14 GMT

DeepSeek Compared to ChatGPT, Gemini in AI Jailbreak Test - SecurityWeek
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijwFBVV95cUxNMzN1UHROcXZBY0tWYmRTTUVDYnZPdHhTLUlTVTdBVm5yZEdYVUJLVUgxWlVlYnVQSDlfdGFpM05sTklIN29yUnhKaVRJbWRaeXZUS2FqbzJjaXpfRzlhT2FKeUlUYjlJWnliTk1pbjlTYkVKX19MQ3NLZWpsZG15dWdVbW5zclYxaDJLM0wtb9IBlAFBVV95cUxNcHM5T1RGY2ZNcVBNSWV6aTgtZUpFSm1HMVRGcTA4V1J4RFJWbWd0VlhUN2NUYjB4ZGRJd2s1Y2hqMTEteFB4SGhSWGZWUnRFanZhZFlPS3U3N2tFSng2bDJWUWgxY0JlWk9UVDgyaG9rOWRnYzNOcDNOdmxMNkJtZFhsdjZmWGpSd1dhbnFJSUtub0lF?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 15:28:53 GMT

Putting DeepSeek to the test: how its performance compares against other AI tools - The Conversation
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitgFBVV95cUxPOWpDN21RLW9vWHhHWUg5SHMxdGxObmdWeEJhU0tEOVZwUC1UQkZXWWZGZVZSbDZyWnJZY1ZOdWpUdDFtY0hUVmFJOHlObW9EbV93bnE1czBFaEFPZGRIc0ZMS1RuTmtBN0xwS3RVMU5MQV9lZFl4NFVLajRFc0RINWo2bzJRSU8tUV84cUExY1dJOU9DRjA2Z0MybjR3dWh2NGp0Vm5vdUtfX3Jja09JUTVQaUMxUQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 18:33:20 GMT

India's finance ministry asks employees to avoid AI tools like ChatGPT, DeepSeek - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi3wFBVV95cUxPR19VanNha0VQYURWNTIxcmJCTE8yRF9lNkxuc00zek0xZUxadm5SWWpuNkh6anB6Z3JvekxVSU4wSXpJS3pCXzlUaFZSZHBramUwdmg2UmQ0bktteXhGbWdzOUgxcElQY1VralhOR21LdWdiYkFNR3VKYThqbVFJRU1qbG1wVHpYVERidnl0LVpxU2ZSRnBhYk9mZlJCTVZqYi1ITklRX0M4QS1oWmcxeXlHTElKU2E3YXdrWWRiRms1Szk0cVVVT1FONDFZd2Vwcm5xNi1FbHctcGlleVJj?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 05:29:14 GMT

Australia bans DeepSeek on government devices citing security concerns - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitAFBVV95cUxQUXRxcU1jX1U3cGZaTUpRNHNnSkRJWXpJSGg1ZUdwUnZwbjNGd2JwckFHWWROeDJvV0NlRmpHNUhwcWVrMEd1ZDVBWkZBOFBNMlRkMkt6c3VpR0ViSHRUY01pSkdTQUF3djJlN2RsOUVudTYtWFVfMExfVXJ6aFdOUS1BaW5aQ0xwMFp1OWlqVi05ZW1hbU5EM3BlUngtc1NVaTZ0ZzNaXzYxSS1VYlVFZzB3bWI?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 21:34:24 GMT

Trump, DeepSeek in focus as nations gather at Paris AI Summit - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivwFBVV95cUxPd0VNUjVxcWV4S3JIallXLUt6UEtUdEYyeEJPWTY2N1VtbjhYb1lxa0lUUjZFX3hfRHprZFRBZDdlRGN3YVRCZWVKYUl0MnVsbmhGSGNkckQzUkFyaW9Ga1ZRRENRN1VKZ0hEbng2bzdSRzM3Z0xabGlnMEg1RS1DSWJ6bnFYUE5VTVVyRWdRM2t1WHVjTTNqN0QxSjN1bmh5NktvdURyTlhKay1Kcmk2WjZYR19DcXVnN29BWkRzMA?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 06:15:15 GMT

Four Chinese AI startups to watch beyond DeepSeek - MIT Technology Review
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijwFBVV95cUxQTHhERTlwMzlvaEtTTDZvYXQtWHNWZ0NOSzhObDRyQUY5Z3RBa0dyVWltZVdGNHI5OUczazRJT0ZFR1dNcHc5N1RvT2RybFZRNVRTd0FrTDBYUGQtVGI3bmhtR0lhYllQNS05VHh3Zm1neUhhZ21xUlVhZWNVT1lFZEJyZ3JEcGQ4VHJiS3JmZ9IBlAFBVV95cUxPWjRHNUc5UzEtaUxzY09XWjl2RDJXaFBvaTJMQXFFSHhEam94dUFfdU0tR1JKUUtvZVpkc3dLWmlMenRGd1ZfNWtqRzFKdmJLWXBxVHQ3OGd1bnZ5RDE1Vjhnak9rdjZUOXFhWGJ3X2t1WlVYSXlBdFFDWDQ0Rllxb1pBVUxhWHNWREx1TEFVcWxBM0dG?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 14:57:05 GMT

You can try DeepSeek’s R1 through Perplexity—without the security risk - Fast Company
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxNVUlJRkR0VzE5V3ZVcUZ3VUxFMHQ0R2h4OE9VVkVjQ2NDblVVQ3FFY01HV2w3aGhORkpkOWRrZy1CbWhCZHpRcnBiQ3FINmVLbGJSaXNJVmlGV2l1TWx5cDRzRVYwVHVHZm0zVWFGZTA2WlRRVTlxYlhoUlZWZ0NrTzNVMVI0M05lVkozSHdnWjhrVDE4SGFZRGpmVktrbzR5aEFCcVdNZS0xZw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 02:37:30 GMT

The geopolitics of artificial intelligence after DeepSeek - Bruegel
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikAFBVV95cUxPT2ZxRXRPdC1IeGF1NlNMNE9rMjFPcU1zYy02am0wckg3XzZ1OHQtNkpsVTR4bkJMbU5YZzByOFVRX1BUTGdwSVFMdEtUQndZaFBXQTlyZDVzMWpSVUN2T1JEb1RvSzBXU2pSNVFJQ0VvQ0d6dkdtbHZqbXdzVzd0bEo1YzkwSkFtaXpNdHVGSkE?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 10:18:01 GMT

Hackers impersonate DeepSeek to distribute malware - CSO Online
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMingFBVV95cUxOUkd6aFB5T2RSeHZKUG8wOVNvUVRkRTdiRFRkY3dNS0c2TEpBTEJnc2VUM09sdlFEWmdnT0hPWDlfazRIZko3MHFzaWJRc2otcDFObWdRT3dkWEdEeFlsMUEwU1FOaXB1MmhGWVF3NE8ycTZFTVR3alpsM3FSdHFMRlZZQVh3ZU41RmJjRW9HNXpZN3J0elJ6NE03aGRIdw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 11:51:53 GMT

DeepSeek AI Tops App Downloads, Surpasses ChatGPT but Faces Global Scrutiny - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiggFBVV95cUxOMjNxQmRPRC15bVVtZlRsRVhDa2RXSmhoR2lBTE9ZTjlhWU5SYkFscmkwS2pwNmdpMFhJOTdCQnpRT1Jtc0dabEJZLWN3aUxOZUw1RGFocWlhX1k4QkNqc2V4eHE0cnpReHdZaTJEVUQxYjVfdk9hMVgxMElxbG84ck13?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 14:19:41 GMT

DeepSeek A Trojan Horse? Kevin O'Leary Calls BS On DeepSeek's $6M Budget, Claims They Ripped Off 60k Nvidia Chips From The Black Market - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihwFBVV95cUxPNEJ0cnozazI4NFdGYi1ORHFfWE9fS0NGYmFYVXFBNmdDOHFCaWdtRHNWeTU2UnE0ZXE2U2JKWG55TkVNRjNjakRTTmkzeU84Y2lzM1dDVlhONGI3ZXE2UjJkc1lxck5xdzZoYjdmRHVvekZraDZVc3dLeEgwaDdKRV9LVGFjQkU?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 20:30:17 GMT

DeepSeek has given open-source AI a big lift. But is it safe for companies to use? - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMieEFVX3lxTE9ZbE9lMExxZDlscUxLTGRCZkxMZ0taZHJTN3Vqb0ZpV3hKUjY1ZExEVm9JRFdhNVRFTHBTTHpTajViNlhNczRZeTEyMUV4LTNWRFl1M0lMcEJYNGo1alVyd1JxVHhoSWJ6alRBbFo1aXdINlJGZkNPdw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 15:00:00 GMT

Australia bans DeepSeek on government devices over security concerns - CNN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinAFBVV95cUxNbXZNTkk3dTJEUGZnQjZUTnhEajlrdDBYdXl5OS01QlpVMVFXUnIxWHhOZncwZHhNal90U0ptRjNwOVpIQWpIdnBqY09xY2RlMU5tZGtrRVVBX1FnMl9yQ25DS3lWdGtjQzY4dkhjU3hPVmdXOXczWENFb0lnUHoydE9TZXl1dS10aVZwZmg2dkNrZUF6Yk9KMG1iUmnSAZMBQVVfeXFMUDUxN1k3TUU1SU9FeGVqMmlpSERGWUZTN1dETTZSeDhVV0ZmRHFZWVEzc1pVZ0lsemVGTWlXQjhkYjY0ZlpfN0ZjSjNIY1FTZS04WXl2ajBuUmJTaE53dGtxUjNYV0ZsNXIybjhpc3Nxd0pRUzhKQjFmYjZqM05JU1N5NFVheU9fbm9kUldnWnk5RFFR?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 16:33:00 GMT

DeepSeek: Fear, Loathing, And Learning - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilAFBVV95cUxQQ1FIdDNrLUNieGxrblNqVGl3Z2ZjV09ydFBHajAtcnV2b1NYVXp4eXdqZXlPSjI5VGNhd2JjR3FYWHBSUGJtRDY5ZTVSV1NoMGxxYlExTzN3ODhIejJZekdtYVJGRzFMNzhSd1NPcXNTU3YybnpfeVFuTmc3ekZreGhpb0hYVzhiT0dIbnUySFVYYXJn?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 17:13:33 GMT

DeepSeek Gets an ‘F’ in Safety From Researchers - Gizmodo
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiggFBVV95cUxQbWloSzRvVFBRSjVHVWtMd1Fnc0tSazFrWjlDLXF6X0lUQjcySHl5Vkppem9lV1RRNVBZVFF6WkJxR1l3RDF1S3hrbFpIUldoY2xhYm1TRlI3eDdwR3VyYUlXcjRhSjhSZkpNanI2ME1QZDhsMm1kR3UySS1YQUJuY2RB?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 15:00:56 GMT

Bill threatens to make using DeepSeek a crime for Americans - Mashable
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigwFBVV95cUxPZ1NBOGNWbndRa3BmRVlES2lKZVNsSkhJMUZkNXduZHg3MUZQOU1PUmtmWFYtQ0xmRHRqSlkwVTZNX0xTc21iQ0tBMWFZUi1tT2ZzYWhvYVoxQTRZM1dVZU9XZXdRLWtKay12ZHFRUzlmRUZZb3dXYkhnaHFmZnM2WTdQRQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 18:47:06 GMT

OpenAI says DeepSeek ‘inappropriately’ copied ChatGPT – but it’s facing copyright claims too - The Conversation
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivwFBVV95cUxPc19nYy10LU40SzV4RUYtZ0dZaFNNYkdBaHZFblFfTks1TDJkdFVTNzR6WnRJd0Q0dmdoNWVBcUNmOWFMTy16VlI1OU5CTVJOSXp2ZjA2bHFOci0xdVpoeXNOQUdyMEFrUGFGNDM1bWZxUXF3OFFsUXkxX21WQkpRMkMwc211NXFPSG1mdDBaemw5a00yQTVoeHRJQm4wMG0xTXN6VXQyNE1fbXhYSGNiRkdwYjMxR3VVTDNxRFp6MA?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 19:10:35 GMT

Is DeepSeek safe to use? - Tom's Guide
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxPQUcwYnZIdGs5RGR6c1gzNWJmajhYU1lhZEZ5eXdJalRYY2lHMUxlU1k5MEMxbUZ3dVpNWWtUTk9RMG9vVVNlUHlUbF9BenlraFY3al81bUowS3EtTDVpeGpQUVpyVElmTUtrS3NuVkxVSWJoQ1pYWlJMa1EyNHF5ZA?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 15:40:29 GMT

DeepSeek and the Truth About Chinese Tech - The Atlantic
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikgFBVV95cUxNeDRocG03VG1fXzhKLUc4Q290Ni1UWUZXQWtCX2o3eXR1ZHlaS3VSRk5BaDFyR0tnSVZvUjNjdEMxMENJbkFCLU40TFZzNnQ1VnVmX3J2dFlxeDlJZDBNX2JKMHlhcGVUNW9wVW9qTTg2aDhCVGhzaHVtdFJFblNidXh3SGF5V1hzVHgzYzhDMC04UQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 12:05:00 GMT

DeepSeek Just Exposed the Biggest Flaw of the Artificial Intelligence (AI) Revolution - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilgFBVV95cUxNZjI3OEVBaEVNZEt4djlJeEVQbldBY2ZTNGVLQ0RoYVRPTkJDNEpWdmsxaTU3QS11aHc3WVhqRkQwMGhfYkNrVVhJRm5EbHpzcko5ODRiYnFZcmdJQmliOUtqWjlLaEdDU1l1bEJibC1pdm4zU1hWUTJpUUpjSU1qN2YtcUlpbUtZQXdFNlZwTURiYjF1bWc?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 09:51:00 GMT

US and Chinese cloud providers offer access to DeepSeek models - DatacenterDynamics
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxQc18yNWEzejhxM0h4bnM1dVd2dVBqS2poeWxZQlZ5aVlteGo0eGM2ejN5YXpjdmNjSU9HLS1IWk1EbWxqZFBQR1RxbzdsOFB0dzhRc3QyS3lOZnAyUEpOV1llVzdYdU5iZ2tBbFFrdUZHUUlRalRxbGR1UjBBa1o1bHdqWmJpbU9lUlVTc1Nsc2huUS1NUnN5Q25aMVUwbS1icUVhcFJGS0dDUQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 11:30:07 GMT

OpenAI Announces Deep Research Days After DeepSeek’s AI Earthquake - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuAFBVV95cUxNUU1FdS1YSVNPbmc3SkdKbXVvamFub3AzMU1YYnhkeENBSF9oSXRKcUhCWk1iVWJhcTAwOURlRFRxZXJwWHI0RW10cjJFN2tMblp6OEdPSXZvOXNXVFMxTkhQVzJjM1R0Z0RlRlNlYWNBbElIY1JrVEh4RVk0MWpxY2xEMXB4dHZQeWh6aWJxdUJQWWZ1TU1rdU5kVDlabHMtXzdrdURfY3FIcFowajgtWTUtb29CNDYw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 11:21:28 GMT

Developers Targeted With Malware Disguised as DeepSeek Package - SecurityWeek
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilwFBVV95cUxQaGVuNU5jSzZrY3l3ajROWnVfS0tPc3NxdnJaX2NNUWdUVy1ycjMwQmVSS1NiTWpFNGEzOEd5Zlh6RG1ocER2bDgtS2RSeUxTQzNHY1JTSVZ4NmxtSWNoX3Ywb0RzQzJpckRLN3VELTV4WnctbnFSdXhTcHM5aDVJX2lVR1VIZFczVHdtUFd6UGNsekNBclBR0gGcAUFVX3lxTE0tMUJXYWdsbFA2SEdja2dkX0xhY3djUFZzNnZrdEEtVDZCVUdwQzk5X3ZrQTRMaGJPOGQzSFg4SEZPMzhrTlVJSnNZVHNmSXlfQW9kbFNpR0NCNmJTSnpIOXROc0lTWld0b2JobXNCUTlZdWkyeDlyZjctbmVwTllpTk9Tbjh3a1JTd0RscGZzUTJlaGlRUEhzZFFDYQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 14:08:04 GMT

DeepSeek R1 – what just happened? - Allianz Global Investors
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTE1UMElKdmlxdnkxVC0tV0s2RnQycTU0UklDREowOXNTR0Vxcmo4QjNEN1AyaDM2eGJYSDlJSXBNUm55Y28tWU1YSHN1RHdCWVpCS1o5cXNvcGpYWVpZcVg5SlFFOGlpX0xHNG43YkVOTGdEakdrNFV1dEhwd08?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 09:33:35 GMT

'Pride of His Hometown': Who Is DeepSeek Founder Liang Wenfeng? What to Know About the 40-Year Old Billionaire - Entrepreneur
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxPSks1elBiRHh0anlycFN0UEZncmJNc3ZXOVhOZUpDeTZ5UHRpdE1uYnpRd1JKeXhfX3Bhc2RYZjYzT2FjTXoyWlFKclR1T0JPSUFOMm1tdzdiQjR4aTBIUDA3ODRCb3ZJMXZOTkQzSE5FRmlOVjZPY2ZiYVA5RDltZkxxUW95ZVpBZVBOc2tVTllZdGgzbDA2VzVTTm54WU5DRERHOHVWdDJuYUU?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 20:02:55 GMT

European startups are rolling out DeepSeek despite safety concerns: ‘There’s still a risk’ - Sifted
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibEFVX3lxTE1jSTNXSmVneFcySFpHY0FNamNLYjItLTd0U0YyUGE2cFVUZlJCMkVEUjFaUjdvVGJvNjNLWmp4ald3anlQR2piaERQNlFCQkNCalFaOHBQTmNkRXFsOElsSmh2VmJqbWpHMXpqNA?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 05:10:54 GMT

DeepSeek AI banned by NASA, US Navy, and more over privacy concerns - Tom's Guide
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuAFBVV95cUxQQzFVaFl4MDBrZllFNkJ6akdiV0hUN2hFTE43WUxDQnd2U3RFcURJX2RSZnA1MFF2WHpLMnExVzBLdkFtVEgxbE1yUFFpTWtqcmlUaWR4bTQ3Vm5UbVlWMU9aNk1iTUZhaDEyRHQ3R2RLNFhHdXUwbFpmNUFVOHp5MFBUWWJJelJxdWcxa2xMa1I1Ujg3MW8xXzkyYzZVWDZiS0pvbnduY1JUeEE2Z3Y2dTlpbV9oVUFI?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 15:42:23 GMT

Australia bans DeepSeek on government devices over security risk - BBC.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiWkFVX3lxTFBjc2M3b0tlWjBqbHhjNllpS2RIcVNVdnd5Z2xncmh3bllDR19XX0ZicFNIQ3NCanViLVNETktONHR5c0F0VW9OTXpQVzVBT2o4ekpkb2RQb1VSZ9IBX0FVX3lxTE93eTFiOWl0dHhjMXZxZHVTdUtidXROZ0E4UGdXSjhPcXNvSFdIUWdGN2xLX042M3VrX1diaHJhOVk5WENtQmt6emItaDJxZ0tzZGI2NUYySzgtcUt6ODFz?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 14:24:34 GMT

I tested ChatGPT o3-mini vs DeepSeek R1 vs Qwen 2.5 with 7 prompts — here’s the winner - Tom's Guide
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisgFBVV95cUxOc0hWa3NjZElKSkszZE5CWHZubTZhT0ItLU50V2t5QnlRYUVZdEhSbTRzRHp6WDhXS2hXUnRfWmhjRV9OUVhXVGNEUDFXZk55Vldna1VFaXNteFdKVEgyYXo0MFA4c2xwNTdNTG9ScG1XTkxMNGF1UEJvNWdENVVJcWhwMllMVEZydlE2YnV2cXIxTEFNWnFtekxVb0ZmaXJmRnJ0NTRYRDFlalJVYm9fNDFn?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 07:15:20 GMT

Massive DeepSeek data leak exposes sensitive info for over 1 million users — what you need to know - Tom's Guide
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitwFBVV95cUxOeXRVMURIQU5KdWxodl9IemVfbkJUNTBIdnVXVy1jWGJCTjZVanVfU2I4bHNqZGY3ME12bkV4S2FTQm1XY3pBLXJ4NDNTYmMzN0lKcy02WFZDX2JJZThfR0czMlhWMndkMWJ1NERnVVZGc1ZXdUZoNGo2cjV0dnlkb1djblZ6T0VyV000dTF5a0J1d3M1WlljdEsxWGtUOUFRMTVncUJlVDdGR0JOaUFPbE5PNnpqR0E?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 20:32:19 GMT

IBM CEO: DeepSeek proved us right—AI is not about big, proprietary systems - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMib0FVX3lxTE1SS1M1UWpYOU0teGpHbUw2clJ0and0RTNFSHhYY19JeEh3TFFNNXN6OGpKb21hSGI1Q2o5RHJHLXAyd0VEbVNKSFJ3NHphU2liY3FLQmNQVzJmeVR0aU1raTB3WndMRDRhRXZyRFdpOA?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 10:36:00 GMT

The DeepSeek AI revolution has a security problem - The Economic Times
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 05:52:18 GMT

Congress Might Ban DeepSeek - Lifehacker
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiZkFVX3lxTE9XSUQtM1RrUVNDTWNNZXRGaFZUSTFIc1dxYU1zVjBBYmpCaTNKbTNTVTZyb0p5XzJmMzJGdnVZbzlfNzhRZER2cWhKM1JJOWhSSkRWLXJYamVlZGV5Q0QtUDlxXzRXUQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 17:00:04 GMT

Australia Bans DeepSeek From Government Tech Over Security - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitgFBVV95cUxQZkIxM0FtSGdDZk0tM3I1WUc0TGZ6QjRiYnNMcFFWM1pYZWNsLXV0ejNZQ0E2c0FCQThsckJSckVob3RFdUJIeGhpQWZucHN0SjFfa1hkQmIzTXBBM2ExM0U5Qk5mSGdNUHBaakVhbm12d1djSmpFRHlJbDZKcXJ2LXRaQ2hpNXcwenBwR1dPbTdJTlJPVDNYVHRDVkRnOFJJT3Nzb2l1amxCMC1ZZ0FaTmVLMjdSUQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 23:34:12 GMT

CPR Finds Threat Actors Already Leveraging DeepSeek and Qwen to Develop Malicious Content - Check Point Blog
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi2gFBVV95cUxPaWhBZ3JSN3BVbWxBZ0UxR1JaT296b1VuMHA1b2p1U25wYndjSmZRSFBucWNUUTI3ZXFfbFVwNV85Wk1PWDFYZzBnS0d3SVM4Z3hYZHFpOXBwbTNjQ2VPZXl3UlhUb2pnSEtDbVozNUJyeFFtVnBfMHh3dmQ2SFp5cWxZNHo5OVZBOWdPcjYtYzNGaUMzRHUtSmpWUUlZbF9oY2dOcEZUdVp4STNwSWNsTENpb01fU2VGemVYUEh0WjVaNzZ1dlZBTXJYN1BTbUlRVUo3Y3Mza1RhZw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 10:38:54 GMT

How AI Agents, Blockchain, And DeepSeek Are Reshaping Business In 2025 - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiwgFBVV95cUxPY25QX2hSYThjaUUwVmZCZ29yTHdlWkc5WG5pdlA3MHVDRFp1dFM2WXgzYm5jcWt4N1M4YS1MYndxNHNYdDZhZkZhdGpPQU94aUVJUmM5LTRXT3hpb1pfWF8yMVZVcVhmdEFQaWw1OGlKQ3hyQldHd0F1ZklhZ0ZMa0h0c2JaT2Z3NEx5eXZqdERjUzEwMWhwUGg4Y09GZndDcWtyWXhIbFI3V1NpaWh2UXhvTDM2c0R3UE9RcHY4Z0J5QQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 13:00:00 GMT

How Deepseek is Changing the A.I. Landscape - Georgia State University News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxOeEpZdlhVeHJmOEZYUy0yRUt3aDh5TktVeGswdjZrX2V0VDFnU2ZjTk1jM29wc1VLbWFZRHJMZnE0TE5GVTlEZHVtdHUweXE4SWNoZV9XMjlXZ3ZNY2FaVWF1c2lOcEJIZzhWWDNRZ0FUb3J4OFJQcVNlSDUyaU5LcA?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 15:39:00 GMT

No, Using DeepSeek Won’t Land You in Jail… Yet - Tech.co
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiYEFVX3lxTFBjNHJncUlDejlSWFNYV3dwZ3pGTjduNjQ1TnlwdjlwTElvXzlYSHo4RndsQlBqLWRLMUJEY3dndTVmRFhhNWtHZWpvUExnM3Y2RG45RmZzQkVYREx6M2pBMg?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 18:10:28 GMT

Alphabet praises DeepSeek, but it’s massively ramping up its AI spending - TechCrunch
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqAFBVV95cUxNZXNrVUxIdFAzYlpIcS16aVBQNEhvXzVPbmtKaXJZWHNlYTAzNlBMSjhTczhaaVpXTUI2TkJkSDgwZjh2RmZyb3Bjcm1vUU5aMFV2c0luQ2JsZll5VXF3RTF1b3dYSjlQYndtNlpqeHBWV08xNElfX0NIeGJZZTd4cDQzamJ4RlBIWmlQNmRVSnZIYmZ4dWJCUXJlbFRxTWxZdExvOGlrbEE?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 00:07:33 GMT

Meta CTO Says He Called the Whole DeepSeek Thing 6 Months Ago - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilwFBVV95cUxQYnRQYXNzb1VnX2x4RWMtOXNFVTJwaWFjQldtVUlwWE5RcmxHNmo1TnBnc3RYczl4TS1iTkt2bTNGX211dVlDcUFWNk9VYUdXUE0yMlA3RURLbXBUVjdQOGdpOVRYS2MzSHZHXy05UFlLNGZSVHlqN1BUd0NlY1FncHdyQ1Q3U1NveTVIQ0ZyQ2ZDM1VRdS1J?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 18:25:00 GMT

IBM CEO: DeepSeek proved us right—AI is not about big, proprietary systems - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTE13MHBJbS1hRWZFUExZNmZ1SzRwV3VrMlpOMFE3Q3FiYnhMTkQxSUJvYU0xY1p6Wi1NclQzSF9YZHVobmJubFFnb0VGRVZlUFRMZ3kxOWJmMk8zcDRNMU5vTEYwM1pIcjZ6cW5haDlDcDVPaDdsQmhJTmVWZEI?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 15:31:45 GMT

DeepSeek ban in US: Texas first to take action - The Economic Times
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 05:07:52 GMT

China’s chip firms embrace DeepSeek in AI self-sufficiency drive - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 23:00:09 GMT

China’s DeepSeek ban begins in US—And it started in Elon Musk’s new home state - The Economic Times
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 05:20:57 GMT

TikTok Treatment: DeepSeek’s Breakthroughs Are Too Big for the US to Ban - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiwwFBVV95cUxNQ183eFNPTWtpNnJ3OFRUSmJXd3lfdjhxekRfd2tESnZCR3l3Mnc1anVUVVBNb21JS0VlRVVJb2lBOEVFQ3NfOER0U3NWQmFDbjk4RnA0amR5SVMtbDQzcC1wcW5uN3pYTXB2b1NyLVpyV2lCRklZOWppWkR1cU9OS1RLSHVJZGlBbUhRNG5MdVVTX3pjZ3JuRk9SRGtNOGZtcWF2Mzhnd3Rna1BTZGZrN3VjVjFXY1lJM1p5VGpHQXFTQUU?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 21:00:09 GMT

DeepSeek and Trump: How hedge funds navigated a turbulent start to 2025 - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqAFBVV95cUxQME84cDY1bC1SZGl0Q0tiZTBQajkySlVGN3Y0WFBSVkhZTnBYNFF5eXA4MFpYWWR1LXN0MDlocldQM09EVDJFa2VDUzd2UDZiSEZIOG9KSzhxcTBXUUNmNE91Y0p6TXZlOTgtcHM3R1gyakVDbkRSMkdPaHJyOV9pSlRTWGVhRjVQNDdyWUVYZFJsTjdKTERVeXR1TmhmZVFXSm1aMkdDMnY?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 16:41:19 GMT

Albanese government bans DeepSeek from official devices on security grounds - The Conversation Indonesia
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirwFBVV95cUxPcVA2aGVjYUFVbkgtSUZ5a1hma2RMeHhOcWRSZnIwRm05YmtWZi1rNEtiR1hoNEVvREU3Uk1qYjNDWWJZcjFFZGR6S19WOTM1Sl9Za3BwQy0xUXM1WE5MZkR2ZVUxdndxWnpZcGFaSlVmSS13aFpIcTVvNVNFNmdFbllXR21UUDFmSmRGZHZiUmtDSjU4VzNRRjFkbVVCUkdzSU5RZ0Y1UENDWXoxQkxJ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 11:56:55 GMT

OpenAI's Deep Research smashes records for the world's hardest AI exam, with ChatGPT o3-mini and DeepSeek left in its wake - TechRadar
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiwJBVV95cUxQaXdwbnJsT2VuWDJvelRxZE9fb3lvem5nQmtHREI3cnN6UWEwanBjczhxeEdWS1FhclFuRHVMYzF5TnFlYklMZ2xFU3BtWkZYNV9PV0R6OGcxQ3lGdHB6Y2cyVGdQQkNUUTQ0MkEtTjloZHFQRmExZXZKTkFrMTBoenFxV1NiSkxkRVZBVVBwbFBiTWVRQ1UxUExJVjRRZFJDQ09OeUkzbUtObDJTUi1lUDRMS3E3cnVpVnpCNTFnUnJoQ0Y5MzFoVlBMRUYydUlrOGtjQ2tUdXBzNllVS3kzQjdrMTlueFdjaDZGcGhYSEV6elBsSHkwZW1lT24zRS1fYTQ5S29kWmROY3c?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 12:24:23 GMT

The Evie-dence: Don’t stress about DeepSeek - UConn Daily Campus
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigwFBVV95cUxPbDBicFpvUjljSXFSN0dmWXpQOHdZWkdsa1oxam9iZm5IR0QydkZlQlUzNVV2Q18ybUlWVEFLOU5IR21yazZwRkgyU3lFdUdlVzJZOGp0WHo2MHZMOXdsbkNONGRFTm40TTRsczY5NUlLQTM2SWVCUUc0a0RDdHo1VVlWONIBiAFBVV95cUxNbzAxamdoZ053ZmVxU285MjJ1Nmt1ZzZKaGZuV3FzVGNXRTRTT3d1MGtDZndZaklvRmNiYlRaTVlyNGMxQk5ya1F3STFhUEFXU2tXSlJiQmlXTFFCeHdUQXIzUHZIUklGTzBYcTlGN0V5NjRjUk9QQXlwZ0tMRHVqX2I3b29BZHFy?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 11:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek spent $1.6B and bought 50k NVIDIA GPUs for its AI - Windows Central
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisgFBVV95cUxQR1dsb1F2N0RTZ25kREJxNTl6QmxBbDBITjdiZTNYZ3p6RjZSSlpfVEF4a0U0eVVmeTlrSmt6RmhfLW1pRWFBTDZyR2lDalBrdFRMMzNaWjd4V0l2VnYzc2VVMU5TUkFwSjFjN2lIclpoRHJpcGdSaE1VQmgtYXlsNklMSXVGRzBsOU9xdFFNam11N3pUaDJmc1EzSGw1R3NVbEpZTU5WQ2VHa2FKQmRCbjhB?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 13:00:00 GMT

On SambaNova Cloud, Tülu 3 405B, A New Model Better than DeepSeek V3 - SambaNova
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikwFBVV95cUxNRXFadm5xNXF2UnhoWVZydFRUYnFOdzhGTDZwdzcyOFRuVE5HRnBwRlBZVzhON215di01OS1ETkNmMjQ5WUtwbDNxLWJNOGtnSy15OXphZXdYRjB4MVpRWGhKcnRYcFM0TGIxMU4wckFvYV9ZWFpxN0VaR2NfWkxjUTM2b2U1bXFqWTlFOVVoVEpISm_SAaMBQVVfeXFMT2FWYU5sekxJQ3lReGphdzcyVVlVc2l2OC02NWZLWEJMWlBfWE96aDhrakxpN1F4eWNDRnNDdjh0c1pFMFNWbzd1NTc0alM0dC0ya011d1BsMkhtOXRnRWhZajFmYlRtbmZ0RnljS2M4RXlZanh4ZlFrd1MyV3BOU01jN243Z2hIaEtqQXdyQTNGNEplU0lKbmtaUUZkNVUtZ0xUbw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 19:17:31 GMT

[News] DeepSeek Reportedly Reveals Huawei’s Ascend 910C Reaches 60% of NVIDIA H100’s Inference Power - TrendForce
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi1gFBVV95cUxPVENwemdZdlNEWUIxanp4N3FVeFEyWTZzRG0yaW9kSWhoeDFJRVA4cWZRRzJrUURQMnBwSEFQaFBVeDNQaExfRERTb0FzMHNOYjIzNkRiU3N4OG5JZ3NVYnRXNGNzdG5OMmh2NUF0SzhmemVXZXFpeWtremdXSDdidHhRSUZ2Vk96V05GZlpkZW5XRkdJQUtYMFZDWk9icThndDN3TDJMQjNGa2x3M2M3TlZZbk9hTG1GZFBaQ0tuSldIMGlMMlNEb00xcEszeW9sOTFFZ2pB?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 04:14:38 GMT

DeepSeek research suggests Huawei's Ascend 910C delivers 60% of Nvidia H100 inference performance - Tom's Hardware
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi-wFBVV95cUxQVmh6RkhnMnNxNWtaNFVSckR0U3k0VS16QjJNTGg1ZkcxN284YzhLZzRSRXpCaURUaXptbGNBRXlpSWRvT0tNWUo2N0xwU1JZbDR6VFBpbDlLRV83a1hmTlBydF9xakZkZUV4cmxuWEV3MWZxRmx1NTh6QkRpTDYwM09fZGdfQ2dTWkZ5VmxaMUdWN2hUcWFiV0JEYXJQQTZJLTZMTlVzWWp4S0NBeXhGS2tsY0pkMnZLVDRWcWN1RUNTdFY4dUdOV051bzAwSVFKT1FWOGhsbmVLTGtfMHBTbms4UGNMWDVTblk5WDFUN2JEemptQ2Vmb2NNQQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 13:30:58 GMT

DeepSeek download to be criminalized in US, could mean 20 years in prison, $100M fine - Interesting Engineering
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihgFBVV95cUxQcEZYaEVZWDRjNWxLMXBsWF9INEItRWtNLUp0U29pZzh5VUY4Z3FSY1hDTEhEYTk1SzVtazhubThoWWlERXBpTzZhd3Z0TzBNSWluUkNnRjdXdzRtaVdoOXVuaXVQNU1VOXQyb1Rxb3ZOZ3hYU1NNemtSeVFDYTdWdEsxQzlTQQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 11:56:00 GMT

A Dual Disruption and the Constant of Surprises: Trump 2.0 and Deepseek - Center for Strategic & International Studies
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilAFBVV95cUxNYW85UkhIX19ydEFqZ1lOdGk4c2Fva2JYX1hOdzgtYjZWM2U3SXVfVS1ERVh5SEd0bUlZUF9ET2FXVERzOTltazBITzRXQzRndjd4Z3dZRDdTeWtZaE9RYkJ0eVZOZVA2NkNRdGtuV3doNDZoOEIzcEkyNXV2bTNCb3JSS2JTNDdFSW9paUhUVkNnbjVR?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 22:59:54 GMT

DeepSeek banned from Australian government devices amid national security concerns - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMizgFBVV95cUxNLS1QcmctelhMZ0JKaUVrMzZnT01hZ0l6TEEwd1V2THl4dXNobk5HM01Zd21Uc0RGYmhWMEpINHowQzF1blk4dGtuZEwxNi0zT185QVgwSjhXekNXY1REQ3BiNXM2VWdhdHpTX0FBR3JiS1BzX1BJZ1JRaDg2SEpRckktN0EyTjgxTktucjNvenhBbVQ4N25jaTlzLTBxQ19xTTdmMTE1ZXNUTGFUU2lHTmQwamIzb3hHU0ZUa3plMFg3bGpQdk5qNk01LWNMZw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 23:53:00 GMT

DeepSeek surge hits companies, posing security risks - CFO Dive
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikgFBVV95cUxOanBnX0tSci03bEJSTFEyUTY3VWFvNWJONFBLOVFPQ0gzVF9ORlZxVFJKcU9wcVhhMFI3czU4S0gwaWZsZlBna2ppOWM3dEpjOHhLekVvNS03Zm9kWmpST1g0NzR0enR1akRZWHRTbXVQNUtidmliYm5UY0gzdlhBVUxiUzV4MFpERjdqb1c0cmFBUQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 15:26:11 GMT

AI Brief: DeepSeek Is A Catalyst For Innovation - S&P Global
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuAFBVV95cUxOek03Y05pa0IwNTdJMVhpUTZXeE5PZkI5VTZxdDNJOXlaY2RBXzhfYWtzUzlXYW9oNUpkeHU5SWlOOEU3MHZpVkZJdDBqNkRCbWlZdHhyV18zT2ZLWXRKbDlfc1lZTWN1ekIxWU5TVGIyN1l2ZTVWLThHcklFeWVXbkppR2V2VnpmWDN5bXlRZnp2eEt3eVpYZ3BUOTEyM2MzUkpseGJmc1BicVlvdVpiNlF4bmJGdkoz?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 18:03:11 GMT

DeepSeek Disrupts, Big Tech Responds - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihAFBVV95cUxOakhmSnVTQ2FuWFJ6a0doMDJyUzFjczM1Q1VXRkt0cE9Mdl9MV0J5WVBkOC1iLUoweFo1RDhUYWZFWkJoU0VaMjNVeWVacE1mTFZSSmV4eG9zbEY5Z01DWUtxMEJmNUl3blJVbW1HVHRlSTRHMklfMUhjMDZhZkwySG9sQzg?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 15:33:00 GMT

The Just Security Podcast: Diving Deeper into DeepSeek - Just Security
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijwFBVV95cUxObl9FR2FLZ0Q3LTFYQ0pSQWxJNkNoOUI3UTdiTUZ0WmNKTThBaGw0X2hJcG05cThVUUM4V3VDd3dvRV9rUWF3SXZJWkluWVFFXzRDQzRrYncySzE0NHNjM2JWaWppMDZwZWFxcDdRS2FtMTUtdjR5X3dlT1VIdm5XZ1Vkd082T0w3UElLSHl3NA?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 14:08:37 GMT

Nvidia: Thank You DeepSeek (NASDAQ:NVDA) - Seeking Alpha
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidEFVX3lxTFBWTElicmh2TGN0OWJDemd1ek1icHpBaVd1TXZFaTZidG9IbHgxZUlMQm0xR1dOT3ZvY3I0cnpRbVBzZkFUTHY2ME5uX1ZGcWhGV0FOaXlKaG1vWDNSU2ZlVTlSOVRKdEMxTnJEOEJyMTVTeDh1?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 12:15:00 GMT

I used Deepseek AI instead of ChatGPT for one week, here is my review - Techpoint Africa
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiakFVX3lxTE5FQnNoZnBZUUhTU1BDZ0tmN0I0NUlhVGVOaFVSVjRpNEtkTDNnbDRfdHpkQkVmVTdMYXNHS2k3eU8xV1FqTFM2WWV2NllKOV9hNkVraEZfa2ZPV3dNS293UFVuSWh0OXhjUFE?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 11:37:01 GMT

DeepSeek users in US could face million-dollar fine and prison time under new law - The Independent
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMie0FVX3lxTE9qZzR3OVRMUThtMG5lX1dRSVFUaTB2TllCNW1mWnFSOGxUYnZHMHVCN01PU3NpLThTS2t1UjdjSm1ubVRraS0zaDd6UHlXblBWZUR3bEU0Y0dYRDlNVlI5OTFYbENSVEVIdnFwV19KcGNpN3p3TktBYzUzSQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 12:40:00 GMT

The DeepSeek AI Revolution Has a Security Problem - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxQS2pJV3lKV0pDX2FQaHVEU2NLMzRicjJUZGgxVXNUQm5hUGltUGh3MEFrcDVLeXZtT2VjVU5IdXdhbGpBUk9WeTdoYjRYNG9wZHNPOUFHSVJXUTJrZDdsNFdzZG1qSkFBN2xtQkhGUy1zR19RSmlyNnc5Q3pheXJNSUtCazhKdGdRRkc4YlNuWHNLSWs2U3dtT3hPSVc0Zmxz?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 05:00:00 GMT

Chinese chip makers, cloud providers rush to embrace homegrown DeepSeek - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiAFBVV95cUxQOE1vcnlPakljRzR5RlZZMlcyREZSa1FVZ0hlTmpCV3Y3REd6clY0RVZORDNQQlVzSHFYNHdyck5FS0xTWlEyeUV0UzU4NlF6cExJNDNHMzJHWTBJcWtPVklsNEFrZjB5aGdvWmdkQmF3Sml6QWpjVTNieDUyUnl2QkM1enIzcGdk?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 06:43:34 GMT

Booz Allen’s Horacio Rozanski on DeepSeek, Tech Partnerships to Advance National Security - GovCon Wire
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirAFBVV95cUxNUmFIY29OSlRYai1RQWRMT05LeVduSnNwZG9GUGxybXZSY2ZvdFB4UVU5R1kwSVpSZ2lSUm5mcW50SnlxTGZrZk95SERHMXgzbWxtWVg0N2tPUE9fN0VoVDRrUFRNRWxFVTVwU3BWRV81aG1FMFhTT1hjWXozNUFsdHMycVowWm1YMnZEdHdYVmFnYW1EXzdjLXBFVG9iMG9IX3lxZWkzVUlfYWdk?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 10:36:23 GMT

Google CEO says DeepSeek's 'very good' work is a plus for AI demand - Nikkei Asia
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMizgFBVV95cUxNRnB1SVdmNi1lT0JYYWFpRXFvMVU1UFh0emd5NGZwRjA4b3N4aDZydmFKSDc1WUxsMmtJXzNUZFcyZHRLX1JncXlwMlVrNEo4c3lCczNUTWY5TmZoUXRNVFhxaFJOSldGczhfUHVxOTFKRlBUemo4SGtfbC1pYzNmbC1DZEROd2FqenpTd0xpWW9UZ2xsVG1qSzBobTR0VG9XUFZmVmtsNmZBb1IwenVpMnBnMlo2VE10TnhNczVyMUJiaWVWVU9nRjlXRFpjQQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 01:03:00 GMT

COMPL-AI Identifies Critical Compliance Gaps in DeepSeek Models Under the EU AI Act - Business Wire
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi1wFBVV95cUxOR09Vb0tLZkhOR2d5cWh2MHNvZTgtbzd2c0ZBY3BWMVZVVzFOSlJ3OWlJLVZnenBrX0pnS1pUTzMzb3Atdll5MmJndWRGWU5uZ3RGVF9lTXNYSE1yZlJaNEtyQ0lucWR1TmJSdnRDS0s0U3Rld1VmMUxWeDhBOXRUa1VsT1pDSnc4S0JYaUh2cGtpcTRDLWtEZHBkYnc4RTBTR0xjcWVKd3VkdmFxN0dkVmF1Ym5HRzh6TE5RNWFLSE1yVmU3QjhuMFBUZjZkNXY3LWdoX3FxQQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 09:44:00 GMT

VERSES® Genius™ Outperforms DeepSeek R1 Model in Code-Breaking “Mastermind” Challenge - GlobeNewswire
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi6AFBVV95cUxQdU1ucWdSdTVGdnM0R3NuUy00Vy1kOVBFVHFsdHlmNjBNYmtlSjlaNmlEbHdFOWk5MDVJcEs0YV9kSTVlLXdiVkx5N0NsX1djWFJMNHB2Szhqb3VZXy1JMWZ2Y21MV1hSZWQ3N3FqRG1VQXZUdWlDcmdBNm40eDJZaTU0ZnVnQnlfY0hyNDg1QkRiaVA0d215MGFMb2NfNXBsdkY4cEtES0RSSlJnTmY1TVdabkQyckc1MGQ2SXNzMTB5Q0dHNndHS3B4aFpaWDlTWUROSE9XMldiM0trM1Q1SEtDekNWcHVy?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 13:43:39 GMT

The $6M AI Bombshell: How DeepSeek Shook Wall Street And AI Leadership - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi0wFBVV95cUxNcUpyWFk2MjhjaGJWMUg2ZzlIeGVGOXQ3LVg1UUFEMXFvUjQ4bzdDSFBrMEJ4TXVQaFd5N1o3UEFMUmh0NGM1WGVueWlvZHE3WmQwdXJYTGJHaHJWZDdBdmVMRkxnN214Nm0zY1g3ZzNUdVlZVGR4X1FpbzhaLXVsM0toT1pNUlpyLUwtd3FGeE1mVkxkaDNBT3B4UGlRUEF0NDBzMGVRUnN3dlYzQ3hxSHRaeFZwVTczUzJqMU4wSF9GX1pDYm1sdUpLSWxwd1JNdmg4?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 17:33:31 GMT

Broadcom: Potentially DeepSeek's Biggest Beneficiary - Reiterate Buy (NASDAQ:AVGO) - Seeking Alpha
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisAFBVV95cUxPVGVIQ0FiUEdpbEszMkRBa0gxSXgwdVJUbUxYVGlpWHBCdi1rVzhWeks3b3phUE1MYU5KY1Rrd29IbnotRGJCaFFUaWkzRWQwNzB3czQ0elpHY2hSMnJzZjFvdjRJbDlOVGlRQkRtSG5zT1BXR18tdmtzM3lyT2wtbVZES01JUzMtTVRCUk5MeDRnRHpfUWpoSFhHQ1pPTGVRMmRKN1JiN3JrU2Vfakl1Zw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 20:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek — Latest news and insights - Computerworld
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijAFBVV95cUxPWGpqRGJTNHhkbVlRdGYzaUxESVNLWlhOQW90N1B4OFhaWldQRnloVTRmQmhoRU9HTWJtX09HR3Nna3U4bWhCMUdmdVZraU0zeEt1aGZpMEFQY2staloxYnlha2hyVTFOTVlya2pRVUdkblZzZ19jVkpFai1CaFJGZnkzN2xiZ19UWVkwNNIBkwFBVV95cUxNdlZESzFUa1pVSTFOaTBldnhPUnhZcGpyUU9YS2NUQzRWSjlOOHpJUk10R0tsSTRkXzNqdElJZG1rNjVBeGZKUVRRdFd6Q2gwb0QxS3I1TEVQd3duVlFzeG52MzVaNnA4V2tYQk1wV1pxblNRdld5V0JLSkVGT2d4WWVpN2g4UU9NdWUxcnMxOV9iVHM?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 10:41:15 GMT

May Mobility CEO: DeepSeek shows it’s time to rethink the ‘biggest budget wins’ mentality - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiAFBVV95cUxNZF9HN3hMZ2E2eFc0UnJia28zTHlVWWhWWmdmSkRIWThEb3RIMDlJcU1ELXg5LUpyNnBNVTRoUFZTdHFNNjlIU2N1QXRpaDZxVnNJZ1A2Z2I4N2lhdmVGMDRYdUlBMnk5b2dKVm5ISTZGQVJfMTQ4RUdzNmROVHZzVU5CUm9zbjV1?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 14:42:00 GMT

What does DeepSeek AI mean for energy? - Wood Mackenzie
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxQS0VnRlBzWXBOUDhKQnFxRTRxd1NsN0lyQVliUDlpV0hnb1ViMDI0VnhGeWNfaWFPeFZWcW02VHc0Y3hDWHF2WE0tWUJIUlVrZWZiSHNGNHNRSF84Yjd2NWxZSDlnSEhhdGhPU292MUpQeFl4NmlFREJQX1YyNlBEWEJ6eXptcURGalZB?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 19:57:46 GMT

DeepSeek: Industry disruptor or trojan horse? - Sia Partners
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMingFBVV95cUxPYWFpQ1AzSlVzNzhURXBNVHRiS3hZdjJZaTRrRlhPelhQYWJMMG1RMFctUGlfWVh6bUhROS1KMGs0aGdtSnlsZXQ3WDV1ZWI3QjZoSFlKNG8zUnc2blplb1VVOEQ0a0VpTnczQ25oRTk1TU9HMFFQcTJmeGM5U01qNl9WU3prWnFXdHFBWl9kQ2hLUGpHaFFzMmpuZV9Fdw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 12:00:00 GMT

Australia Bans DeepSeek From Government Devices - The Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiAFBVV95cUxORnRHZUpuWmRuTVpRMlFPNFlCUGpYWlhTTjdvY2ExVGRGcllteHFMa1kwQ0VINHh6TkNHNFdYYk5JMWp1bVNIQ0tIS0tqbk1TWGQ0NlhudFAwTHZhYVBma3lsLUFPREtYU01WTVMyVXJxSC15d1hyV1hQMjljcTg5Q1Q2aXlqVWdD?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 04:17:00 GMT

DeepSeek May Have Achieved AI on a Budget, But Don’t Forget LLM Security - EE Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimwFBVV95cUxNdGxJVE5YSW5Qc1N3VjhmWXJJTW9FbDRRcEVxNU9pR0xDZXV2ZzV5cXppSUMyUW1VeW9NRDFRdUxMdmZUTWViZUVsYllZd0tHSVRybXRONG55TDNjSjdQc3loYjI5bG9henZUZEJWTGIyVHpkZ05jd1F6REVqVnNadmMxdlFNTG0tVVpjSUhCeU12RFRMRFFqYThFWQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 20:01:16 GMT

What DeepSeek Means for AI Energy Demand - Heatmap
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiaEFVX3lxTE5TaEpPT3MxcHNpU2ZWVG9uM0l6d2xHWTNtZlRxcUJBaERaTVF0azNYRXdDUU9Za25fSnFoejVWMUl1OFFUMGNZQk9TeDU2RENveFozSGFoQUpGemRNcjQtWDV5d2dvandS?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 21:13:05 GMT

Americans Face Decades in Prison for Downloading DeepSeek Under New Republican Bill - LatinTimes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirwFBVV95cUxQLXdaMGhBQkx5dlJBQWt3Q2hpQVZFX0VLRHcyRmM1V1dydzBGX21hUTVLRnIwcEYxWDhOeHdkZWQ2REUtRElNcXFUYVRlbURiMkhVNmNKQzBBQm1NN3lzTjF1cDlTOVRGT0Vod2pqZUE0TG0wT3RSRElsNU9xOVJjd1FrOEVtM2ZKYl94NUJFeV9majVfbHRvWDRLTHY5SVFqZEVjT3lPdW9MSmdqbjV3?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 17:17:41 GMT

Is DeepSeek the next US national security threat? - GZERO Media
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijAFBVV95cUxQeHhJNHNNbkFYT2JyMmxlZ3plV0h6UUJRNEtUcW56Wm1TX1M4U3NWLVNTUHY0b0poN0tKVV83ak9VSk01aktWa09fcTN2SkhfaVRUZHZJMHhLYUI3bDV4SmZsWEVQbHJNZ0I2YUp6eWlQSkxzaTYwbVdLYkpORUZpdjNBckUzMzF4a2FSV9IBlAFBVV95cUxOeHozX05kdG9IaGpFalR1MXBTRGVuaXZFdEFqdS1zM0tpZjUtVkFVNWpBa0tlalBBa005bl9yOTRCNlEwVWVoMGNSejFTSXg3ckozQldRR05xVmthVnNWcXA5S0JTbVgzeVR3RkFNVjNNbkJuLUtqb3NJeFdpZXpnS2hUbjJvQnd3NEY1R2pTdmFiMWdQ?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 12:33:07 GMT

Amazon Q4 Earnings On Deck. Spotlight On DeepSeek, AI Shake-Up, Tariffs. - Investor's Business Daily
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimwFBVV95cUxPc296OVJvZ0lHWkVzUUxYVjVlYWlwN0o2aHE1RmhnXzVMbzlSN1J0dHVJekNCU3JiSHpjZXlWdHF2QUtmeE05TnFwNmswN0s2ejRGRk5NQkJfdHZTY0pvMjk5UVZCWHlyVkFuUnA4N05VM1VUY01QUHdWWkZFNlpxYVdDQ09JVWNFdDFwT1V4TklLblZkSmJDT3RJcw?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 14:40:00 GMT

VOA Mandarin: China’s DeepSeek replicates advanced US AI models, says OpenAI - VOA Asia
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 08:51:41 GMT

DeepSeek AI: The New Chinese AI and Why Americans Should Be Cautious - THE WELLSVILLE SUN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirwFBVV95cUxNa05XRmFFcVZ1cmlheHdpd2gtb3BqVFhXX1Vpb242YTBvNmVmOEtZOGFlVlN6X2N4VWI0VXYtUFo3a0lnZzNqLUVNcWoxMEs2clpITkE0REFZb0lGNk5hRzhMald2N1NDaFZIdGVsYmQ5TFFYQnp2blFwazJRWWExbUI1bzloVTQ5dTNnOG9telI3RzR6MlppVTBqVkF5Q0c0RWtMTXNlZHFqbzF2RjZN?oc=5
Published: Tue, 04 Feb 2025 14:22:33 GMT

What is open-source AI and how could DeepSeek change the industry? - World Economic Forum
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxOWEljeU1DWEdCUjRhM1NITGNtTTByQ1NqODd1OUkwejBaTEhFazFhcklvWE1RSV8ySEU1eVlDRy1vR0tYMEJka1o2RU81RFVIT1JXdlR6S2pZY2k1TmJ3dzMzT2lPNm9kdEFLUmZmYXRJeHR5NU9QUmlkUm9KbjFPSw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 16:01:10 GMT

DeepSeek surge hits companies, posing security risks - Cybersecurity Dive
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihwFBVV95cUxNSVpQd3lqX29DTGFVdEg3Wlk4VWRMWFVXRXh3VU9OTndITWdDY1o3ei1GUlVoMVBQNm5hUDFfWGdnRmlYc0N3YnlJMEhOU190NkRXU093NG1Wd0t5bzdndmxPM3JEM3UycWg3MmFfTi1wWWlkT3R3Uy04ZjlQT3N3WmlyZkx4azQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 17:36:47 GMT

DeepSeek coding has the capability to transfer users' data directly to the Chinese government - ABC News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirAFBVV95cUxPZFk2QVNIM0VDWGh5aHlaSktlZ2dfX2RnZmVtZDJyQ0JJRUtYenliV3J0c0xBSy1QMkU0YWlNcE1VSDNrcUNKR1JidF9PUXlNbkJTeXNJM1FfTjdCQVVIUmFhSDRlZ21GUWExNFgtNE1qc0JWUnFPMlE5VzN1TmRjLV9wTURJb2Z2UEJpbFlWVTB1cEx4S3FITUxuVmc3UUFrNjJTYWRvU0xmb1A5?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 13:18:23 GMT

Researchers link DeepSeek’s blockbuster chatbot to Chinese telecom banned from doing business in US - The Associated Press
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitgFBVV95cUxNNG9lMW94c3k1Um5fZXNmUi1vNDZEQWJrS2xzWHR4WXQ4WFhTdkJub2FVdUE2RkJSa3FKd1hRR2xKdXhBa090cTczRUFxdFE2ODBfWWllWklmc3JlQTM5V0YyQmlpdmlSdkdZQXgxRmRSSXRLNFJMZzRHbEpLMGZGTlF5bWN2TDJUQ1lsdEg0dzYtY2JZSVNIMFY2VVNDVTZsUkxUSDhzVW9yVGNnZmxDU0I2SmJkZw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 16:10:00 GMT

What DeepSeek just pulled off — and why space tech should worry - SpaceNews
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijAFBVV95cUxPUk9zS29VaF84OVNlNVJfWGxFc2tkeVZRMTZnOGs1OG5uUUxNUWJnSjI5S1RBMV9SUEFUNWxUX3BIdnliYmozbTUtUnRZeE0zajZXRW0tdzQtbU44VG11Zld6LThjYV8tMndyWnpHWmJDZF96SmJQcjEyWEJvSUp6WWxocTE4T2NjcEJJTw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 16:00:00 GMT

South Korean ministries block DeepSeek on security concerns, officials say - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi2wFBVV95cUxPUmdScDZGQU5fcXV0WGVmS05IZlV1TDlKUFZjbHNoZHhOUDlOb2w4MWNSbUVUUUFjSW50MFBQYlpzRHRVZWhIWXFkZVAtQU1pcU1QNzRiMUNKc0NxOFFURUpJci04Z1F1OENZcWRyN3FtSmt1eEkzTzE2Q3ZKOE5MbzRYcXVoQ0ZkLVhWNHB0N3FkSG1MQ1hzeVdzSXp0VnRMeXlIRExVNVZEdGR0OEwyU0hRekRqZ21UQm02WnFpWDYybHRmd0ZQRVA3X19LX0dCYXFzcFB0enFNQlU?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 03:17:51 GMT

Opinion | DeepSeek and the Dangerous A.I. Nonsense That Trump and Biden Fell For - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMie0FVX3lxTE9nUm9BN3gtWTNBSWVtLVRCWjBmSElvdWdnaWNBOGFrUmV4VEd2UzRzRnZvUUtzQlRVdDBqTG1USTVmbmFud1lSUzIxdkIzMGlfb1czUGQyZ2dvMDcxajBYZ0dqY3FuNEF1bFFxOVJNdUwtUTJKYlNNTXpXNA?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 10:01:43 GMT

How DeepSeek could deliver another blow to the stock market - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikwFBVV95cUxPN3ozbHd4YTdnQzdqX2doejZtR1hkLW9FU3lXY0tOWGI5aVBSeHhpSXFXM21HS1hLZTN3V1VzbVJxcWFvQWdocFNaTVFuZ3BQU01UMHl2ZXZqVlZEQXdXRTE1Snd0MWs4QVVYZnllM2tiNU4zVzFxNlJtUi1hX29JaVZsODN2dmFPVEZlaUFBRk5xVW8?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 22:21:00 GMT

The DeepSeek Competitors Vying to Be China’s Next AI Champion - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitAFBVV95cUxOSHpXQlppaXFFNjlMcmgyaVhLbzdURVVpS3h1Ml9EbEpZcmJIc2dqR3R5cXhzLUpIQmZYOFV5TUxpS3FLVEVhOEVHRlBiZ04teVBnSXlTS3h2UlExNC1EXzVRbWFRYkRUTzBkbW95UzAwWTBRczd4bkhnS2pUajZXZHQ4bDZ1cWdieUJYSFdyRGVId1BJYUJMTHNBTTFaWnpLRHZlSWpEV2JqVGw4dG5WRWw1NmM?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 22:00:00 GMT

South Korea ministries, police block DeepSeek access - FRANCE 24 English
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinwFBVV95cUxOUUh3bWdJNjBrV1daTlQwa25zdTk4SU9hSFdEN0hrNXJ4UzE4My1jNW1DaEwwYWl6aU12bWQybEliNlNUd2F0UGUyZW5VMUZpNks2VGh0TDBTMlpRWmw5bV9QdzltcU9HWERvYi1LcDVBc2ZNeUZWdVdEcHdFNzVyS0djTDF2QklNQlVaNE1YLVBRNnB2dUVEYTFmYlNqUWM?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 03:31:11 GMT

DeepSeek’s rise shows why China’s top AI talent is skipping Silicon Valley - Rest of World
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTE9wc1dxTHh3SHAtalJQMEt6SFpYUWtZZEg5RmxkRkVNT1IxZmNfYndxVVh3emNwTGhROVM1RUNVVVlWdHhKQmtNRXI4cXVBa3Fqd1FzYl9ES2ZzZWZJaHZKblNvTWJ5azE0VEtJUXdaOVBoYm82Ry1vUmViMUI?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 11:03:52 GMT

Experts warn DeepSeek is 11 times more dangerous than other AI chatbots - TechRadar
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiowFBVV95cUxPd1l2TG1aczRrYzduVGhsZ1lUOXFfdmQtY1RKR1JLcjZDbElkWlVnYnZGUUZfWDgzVXZldlN6NTdiWlowcXEyS1pral9WUDU2bTRUTlMySm1PMWdRaHo4WlZPUkgzSjRITHk5T203Vk9lbkQ0NXY4VGJrQXhqN19IQWtZMHFyeWdZZU5ubVhMa0kwTjBtZi0wTDhfWUtIV3VkbWxB?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 16:43:59 GMT

DeepSeek attracts China’s young jobseekers as AI firm ramps up recruitment - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivgFBVV95cUxNWXBvVUkwcXB2YWJlNVFGMVRwQ21sWTVNSTZRQzNKSlI0SVNJRjZheTRQUGkwUkxGbkJRTUlmM1dncDllQWxmQ1hpS3RVNXN2X0ExZ2Z0eDV0QnR6YmY5VllBbU5vU1pnbHJPNjZDOE50WU5NanZSMnltVEh4dkZ1dDZ6al9LQ2Q0d1U5YllJejZVSkZBcjdoN2RXakdIbkE3dG40YUdMajNpWXhrakQxU0tuajlyS0FOMlBvUE5R0gG-AUFVX3lxTFBSUE5jUGx2WjlYY1A2U04wb2FsU1VKRThuVWdZNkNTdlVtOFJKcUxmcUNtX0lVbXVYN3ZMd0lNX2xtYUhNSXZfMzRCZEtUcnVtdmhBQVM2ZFMzTW9rTWZUUm1BOHZ1Mzdyd1NiSFZmc2x4NmFnNUxpNHU5THlzVlNscDNDNkxjWmVoNDI2SUp5MkloaHY2RjR5LUdLb1g1U3VfeTFwM2plRVA4eGhPZVNWUV85SUFQTWZpMGNGZ0E?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 00:00:14 GMT

DeepSeek: Safety questions arise amid Australia ban & EU compliance uncertainty - Capacity Media
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitAFBVV95cUxOVU9jXzhEZGpvTlhKcGFCeUNkSExHSnc1VS05bFZDTEItT01wRjc0cGk1NnlDWGpqZndsVVFINWp6ZzV5bS1jRVBWUVdSVjdxZ0NKZTZMOG11dWdGS1FHdi1kb2t1UjJGYzRyOXB6MmVSTWZUcXZzRGpnSm9kZElvdkk0ZlpYVVh0U1RaaTlFU3cyeVFBOEIxeG1YNi1pQlphWFI4SzBhV0w4cUpKQk1wMGsycjE?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 10:29:21 GMT

Downloading DeepSeek could land you a 20-year prison sentence, $1M fine under proposed US bill - LiveNOW from FOX
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiZ0FVX3lxTFA2WVBrS0UtS2NvRzdEZ1ZQRWZvRzVjMUVlZEtBU0luVk4xdXBBWUZYSkxDdi1iZ0R4M3AwUG1ZcEhVc2xMVWM0TVU3eXRLc3JnQ3JxZUc4bEpqdV9NM1lxeDJjVVV2QUnSAWxBVV95cUxQQXl4YnhtUmg4Wmpld0wzUEZick5PcVo0ZEtUalRVTHczUHRnR3JnY2RwaTRkaXlkYXN2SGpSUkpLNXFZMkV4djJnUTQ3d1dZT2RiLUlSQUJIU1hHLWtfcWtvTjRBUzA4QVNZVTU?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 23:56:00 GMT

After DeepSeek leap forward, Russia's Sberbank plans joint AI research with China - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi5AFBVV95cUxOTTd5Ui1RRERmU19VWTlLUXdZWWZrSjJ5V3czanlYTFE1amNoeVpyamVGOFdYWkVpSHkyV1hhaDV1RzhYbmJpV0xwSWcwNVc2U04zVjdkMHM5SktfblNuaVFiMXNFaVhqUzdsWUdjRTYybE5Jalp6YUJWamhOaExXYlQ4WTN4ZHF4N3F6MEpGZXBzZ3dPUVl3b0xRd09ROTEwUUJtaGpIVkxINGQ4Y2xNbmw3QkR1YVRKN0Y4MEpKOFVxVjBEMG83cmZfY0w1VUd6WVBWcGhCUzhLR2lfLTFaTXkwb0E?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 07:15:00 GMT

DeepSeek ‘is biggest shock to come out of China in 185 years’ - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 12:00:08 GMT

Will DeepSeek Hurt Scale AI’s Business Model? - The Information
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxOSDVveWZ1WnJ6WDN4ZVo0VnVBSWVGMm9IaUVPTTBQVm44YVdQUTBmdVNBbC1HbER0U0lKUV9UZFlQM2NxdEtnWGE1SU5ZXzBGS0wzZ3phbkNrR3RSdU9YSk9Id1I2aUpVMngtNXVCUVN0bmNLTHRJWE9reUNLWGt0ck1pS3h4bk1ZUnRv?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 15:00:00 GMT

US Senator Wants Americans Who Use DeepSeek Thrown in Prison - VICE
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxPekxzREg5LXZsMmRJMDZCVFM3dmVtcEkzNlhWcjRlQk1ldjNqMnJQVU5HTmo3bHRWbVBWbnNhODZDY3RkaVFDdnlUMkc0QWRPR0hnMm9qUFRndzUzUnl6eFZxVkxGZENTQ3J2ZXYzV09kSGRwc3BrMUVtTWZFVHQydmZXeV95T0Rjb3pwN3NjcjV2TU1XY1RxWA?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 20:49:19 GMT

DeepSeek users in US could face million-dollar fine and prison time under new law - Yahoo Canada Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiigFBVV95cUxNVjVmSWNEYXI5WHdRU2hIM2pfd3YycG1HVHcyamdFNEE2VGEzUXk3Vi1XTzhaQzVraFdLbV9SRU11QjQtbS0yc1VuYXVIMHhfcl84dGV4Y2tnUGlackxrVWpLNlYwUmNaTnlyTHBWWTc2amRDV05XX3MtNFFJdkFhcGsxbW9HRnhUNGc?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 10:43:49 GMT

Taking Stock of the DeepSeek Shock - Stanford Cyber Policy Center
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxNUmE0ZXRzR3QzV0dUenFTOTFUc0dBMWNlMkFKVHBUaVBKWjlVd0Rzdmd4Mktza1VLWDZJTmtrU1p0Rk5vREl1X0JhUDdVa0lweHk4cjBZLXdnWm8wckYxbzN3OHhiSkZEREMxQUkxU244VE1XNng4U1B2Y2oxUEdqRg?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 12:00:00 GMT

Using DeepSeek? This bombshell report claims your data could be at high risk - The Economic Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi_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?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 14:24:58 GMT

Arm’s ‘Monster’ Valuation Put to Test as DeepSeek Angst Lingers - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiggFBVV95cUxPeDZjdkMwUFBIQTBUNlFNNHdrQWxpQVNuNlNxM2tMMEcyV0ZobVpwNDNwNGJGbGxtRVhrcWtQM0JsY0lXU2JiNDB2VU1WMU1KT2ZacUVOdlZtVHVSRTBHWUY5UHd6RW1TanJDRnllZlZhTXFJdkRycTlOT3hiZk01NkJR?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 18:38:52 GMT

OpenAI's Deep Research beats DeepSeek in the hardest AI exam - Windows Central
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuAFBVV95cUxPa0pOUWtBcjQ1V1ZMTWk4OUpyRHVIZ2tMZXZOX1BCa1RMOXA3U3RMakxld2xNSmhsOUlpR1llWHpCdGRrRElDRnFQQjhiQ3JoZXN0alFST1VuY2JpQ2dSYXpNSTcySHBDMTJVeHprSjZvSkdhZFRyYkRGRFh0WmQ3aXVES3pnOHJMcmZrOGZ2RTd0QXhvcUE5UGw5cm5KMXFTUXRzUjZ3Q0dtVmQtNlF6RS1URWdYZnBn?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 12:00:00 GMT

What you should know about the Chinese start-up DeepSeek - Marketplace
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinAFBVV95cUxPaVFtMFJWVVJlSG43MnhOZ2YzV2llVnJuU29DV1RGdVgybkFtOEVBbERCM3d0anpHRmw1bDNvRnVjaUEtQ2F2QnVSY1F2ZUZYcEZVUEw2dTMzT19Va2tZSGZ0SzVDcy14VFZZQm1WMlFGdXRFZm0zcnhnOXJCdFFmTjRWZjBoWFFpUmhSV0R0NXFyY2VwQUJCdmp3UTc?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 02:09:31 GMT

If you download DeepSeek in the U.S., you could face 20 years in prison and a $100 million fine; this is w - The Economic Times
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 15:02:02 GMT

South Korea blocks Chinese AI DeepSeek from government computers - This Week In Asia
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 02:44:29 GMT

US senator introduces bill that could criminalize downloading DeepSeek AI - Cointelegraph
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiekFVX3lxTE12QUNxWUZUdk9CR1cxZVM5QmVvQ0pINlV6QnNsMVRpTUU4ejllSkx4dFZZODI4U2dTUEo1d2pybGsyejFJZUlrQ2xYRmN2R0s1bkdRb3ZDZ2ZGNjZfbmtzSTdRYUNEb2dFUXRPbWNOMHVDelJrVTl6UTNB?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 10:19:24 GMT

Moore Threads GPUs allegedly show 'excellent' inference performance with DeepSeek models - Tom's Hardware
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi6AFBVV95cUxQYTc2YmJOMkgycFlKc1o3UXQzYkxNTk1oOTkwZ0RIay1PaVVYSGxKbHNJUFR1TE54LS1YUFJXcGM2d05Tb3VnbmdIbWNTdGZodjRjWkxpTkJRQmttcEp1eW1MaENBbzVKR0dVS3BpODBOZ3NLZlJ2cG5YRVlYeHJjZHc2RDFfR240N3pEZXF0WGxRcEw3dkZJZm1MQkVvUHoxb1hZYzFERWNDNWFMTTVnQ0NUUk9EVjAzTVBvSXBOTExSVzZWbTNGXzVNQVFaVjdWVzhTdTlxNmdNdDJXWjlWRUk5ejRZdHJk?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 15:03:07 GMT

Explosive claim! DeepSeek, the new AI tool that took the world by storm, has hidden code that can send use - The Economic Times
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 21:15:45 GMT

In the News: Manjeet Rege on the Controversy With DeepSeek’s Open Source AI Model - University of St. Thomas Newsroom
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxPUkpzU0pIYU1lSGczUFNGQl9YVFE0eHo2ZzFmdjdmLUpjNy10eWNHREpLcUNPRV9FSk8xSVUxSXZEM2VESF92a3FmaE9HT3pTZ252UTgtQWFkZjF6WmIzT3Rjc21PMktncHdvZHg0VFpIbU56OEFUS1huek01WnVWYVhuZmNibmlqUklSMVpIZXRnSUhGOTdYaUhaTWdadGlGblh6V0dhZjZqdw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 18:58:20 GMT

How to Buy in DeepSeek Stock - 24/7 Wall St.
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxPaGwwVHpUWHJFRjVQOFptZW54V0hrU3VxYnhoNjlZaXpGbTdwRGdoenA4VzZoWVNxRXJGVTM5dzZGZDQ2MEg0UXdnWjFaQ1lmYU1DWUpZRVA1Q1Y1N3VDWl9hWUo3N0h4b0lVaXpkekRGT0kzVWF0NVdLcmtndTVwMw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 17:31:55 GMT

From Italy To Taiwan, Countries That Have Banned The Use Of China's DeepSeek - NDTV
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisAFBVV95cUxOcVRGTzQzZG53dm1TaVo1bHVWNHdXTnNUSWQ1bVBYaUZjdEpXT2VlZDU5SXUyYTgtMXhJdDZRaWNRQkx1a3cwekdLQ3p4THJnZEU3YXAzTDdGbEFNN1NWd21LSHFqVXRDaFk0NGdMbGMxdVRiVTgtMl9yNGpxQTNFeXdkNzVYNXZOTmF1dmctRWZ1WFl1WVU2WE1DWUZxNHEyU0QxUVIySmowNTJ0clhWQtIBuAFBVV95cUxPY2Q2cDl2ZDlaVm5lUzlRQkJSd1c2bUozMTV2dm1iRjBFOUJhR2RoSUFrRWdRZ1p3UE1CMW9ZS1NKZy0yR0RBblJaT2c4ME5XOGpFTGNGd0NpY0NIT3hEVllqdVNZNEFlQjZTOGVqODZsNlJrS2Vac3ZpcFprMHZNMHgyZWtjS3dFM0dBLWRWR042TWdnVS16NkdkY2NKTXZOWk1BZDNmNmlzZUZ4a1dBamlTdExkOHFm?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 07:03:10 GMT

Preventing China’s DeepSeek in Space - Defense News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxOdWhRS19vZ0VjSTRpSWNlWURUUGFJU0o0UWFjbTBRYmtFOGdHbzJuWDFXTzlEeTRBcEpHUklyMU1wUXpQd3hfWjB2STRZVTZqaEJuUVhoaklsSXhJOHFhbDJZaDJJTjRDSnROenR2WFhxMUpZNU53ZXNLa2hlZldTaHdVNENxRERHNUhB?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 13:50:58 GMT

China's DeepSeek AI could expose users' personal data - Idaho News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi2wFBVV95cUxORURscUlUR2t0YU01TEhkZm5XOUJFdDd4eGV4bUN0RDJBY2ZMWHdOM0ZrVnMxcWEzNzVBQWxzR29XMHBPdThoa2RlNEk4ZXlTajR1T0twOWFCclZJaXppY0RsYkpLdG51bUxib1FHUFJOMm40dzBQRkFkTW9rNVlhRmN4cjNxcWFoS1k3aDJ4Wi1YNnM0bHgwMzVMYm1KcmZfTEdJT2VGZzJmQTRNMUlCVWZ2Q2dJRi1QMjE4QjgyekxCMnRkNm1NUWtCVmppcFpURWRaVG9qQUkzeGc?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 16:15:08 GMT

Nvidia stock pops as Big Tech spending boom cools DeepSeek fears - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirwFBVV95cUxPaW9oTzU0TXpiTUt6RlR1aU9ZdTkwUmM5dWhvUF9GekZjLTJJUXhweG9DYTRoMXo0YXpTak9TOEpoYVN4cl9yNXVpOGN4T1B3RExmVWQteWtmaWx6dElQbEhlN3JsSk55X3pvYUNodUhYd1NvS190MmwtTTRHRklCd3A3eFdCUVJwbXplQzJwZkdVenFHYkk0U0RSaWo5TGxNaHVpb1I3c0lZY0RqUnRN?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 19:15:29 GMT

DeepSeek has burst the AI hype bubble – now all bets are off - New Scientist
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisAFBVV95cUxPb1N0VzlxVEtEWnhZOUIzN1FIakZkbVpKT1diNXNiaERuREVWcXN0ZUlocGRFYVJPZGNYZXFRU3h4VkZ4aHFpRWZ1NDRkWlVCQm50U2ljR1VmVGlBdEZKV25pS044RXhuNjZJUTdDalhnYlB4SXNhMUEtTVN0bFhXd1FsUTY2WmNnUkdMTDZxcXBTb3BrNGZzRTRlWE40cjlHekN1Q0RlUXNlTXNYbXUtWg?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 18:01:55 GMT

Where in the world is DeepSeek banned and why? - The Independent
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijAFBVV95cUxQNWg0bXczMzFDVkJibEZDN2lkRE96UGxBYnRjQTVaVE1ISWhDT1FwSUE0aE1hRzl0Q0lzYzUtWS13bks1RUlwZnZIQlh2N1c1Zm1aR2lKeG9YSDhqenRNNWcySUU2WEd4N3ZPR0p5VmMwWDlxcjZpd194V0tBVGtXeHFLVlg4eXBhTW1mZA?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 10:45:00 GMT

DeepSeek hallucinates alarmingly more than other AI models - Semafor
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilAFBVV95cUxOY0tBVW1LSWdoN1pYbUdXUjd1VlBIZzBlalN6UTg3UFBlbzV6aDhwZW1GTU5jSXZpU0JIUlhRZnNpX1F1MUQ5R0lwZkpubVFEeWtpRUZhMHlXMDQ5eGtmOFlFMkFTRkJEOHBvbjVSXzliTDF1d0FNYV9NMHVINXBoUkZFOXFsWWVaSjNYdEhWb1hKcmE3?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 20:14:00 GMT

DeepSeek Shakes Up AI Landscape But US Still Dominated Venture Funding In January - Crunchbase News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijwFBVV95cUxNcDY0VE9wNlhRQVRuNXk0X0ZoekZQdXFhLUZkcTdudGt5d1pMejhEVUh4NHFuNWpEY05rektnX01WY1JhRWd0Zmt2aWR4MWRYUks3TGJ5OTMzSW1aTUpMaUhCVWd4c2JIWTg5Q003YjNZN3RLWlVkQU0wZExMWWt0SDBjYmdoTXFkWkVZbGdOMA?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 12:00:40 GMT

Alibaba’s updated Qwen AI model overtakes DeepSeek’s V3 in chatbot ranking - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 09:00:14 GMT

Here is the list of countries and government agencies that have banned DeepSeek's AI - The Economic Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi_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?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 14:09:32 GMT

Which countries have banned DeepSeek AI, the Chinese answer to ChatGPT? - Hindustan Times
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 02:18:06 GMT

DeepSeek code can send user data directly to Chinese government: Report - Straight Arrow News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilAFBVV95cUxQQ3FTdnZ3TmJTbmo3UXJPN294MEJRSzJRbmRiU2c2bEN2RzdKdlBuaUk3TURjbHplTWc0ekZ1UHZwa3FhM0NDc0dWckpwNURkbWZ1MnVsLUpIQVFwUUZPaEtQMXFaVVpxcGNuZnJabmlxSnNoTmRMdS1Sazg4TVRhdEVEbHU3aFdCZFN6a3NjMzNhTzFK?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 19:45:00 GMT

South Korea defence ministry blocks access to DeepSeek on military use computers, official says - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiyAFBVV95cUxOTGxGZ29pUHNUQkV4MzBqMHVLUlBWdlh3Z29aUDhFbWtGOFlSNUJRUm5vUGlEVzlVTkktLTJKVVEtanBkOV8xcGNueHlvMy1uc2RRXzJReUFGaGZyME9WdVQ1YURtR3BYc0tDcE84WndOTWt1bmVsVXpSY29taVg3WklVWU44SEpUb2h0ZDB0YnFBQUpGZTFQQ0tTNTA3YWVMSG1iZUs2Ny14VWNqRGZLV1pBMFM3UHphVWJTZEI1MXJrNFR1Q0ZwQg?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 01:03:06 GMT

International regulators probe how DeepSeek is using data. Is the app safe to use? - Oregon Public Broadcasting
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivAFBVV95cUxPZm5LNl92QmtNTTJDdnQ3U1BSNG1UWG5LM0FWdjNaSnY2VlE4UjlHdDBlZm1meXc3NWFCWWJlU290UldzM01DdnAxNldId3pDVmVYTUJ1UURHMGkwZmo2X2pHZDN6WDhxWU1vdW8yM0wzUkdfdm5sRm1DY3E2TkJZNklKQ0dQRk5uaElUN0h4UG1mYzRkUWJHRTc0U005alo1SkZFLXd5N3cyR0FXNzZ3dTdZNHBhTWRuTEs3Zw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 18:36:51 GMT

DeepSeek, weapons and climate? What’s on the table at the Paris AI summit? – podcast - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMizAFBVV95cUxPcE5MR09fWDZIZnEtelZid3NPR0s5aGF2V3NpdW5YbUFUODJXeXR3N0FFNnlrclo4NXBfNHAzb0VPOEw3SExKcEI3MmMtUjRMdlhOYWlfMGtnNFdfT0tXRkdXWnN2eUFKRWlfeDZLSTFhUjFqcVFlTFN3eV9PQTJodTZlWG5SX1ROMGEyM3V0bVg4b1Q0Qkc4LVhFcG9wQUktV1FFNmwwY1BqZ1lkem1rRDlTX2Rya19OQTJkSklsZ3dhSm5yTlNRdDJLd3k?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 05:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s Lesson: America Needs Smarter Export Controls - The Wire
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimwFBVV95cUxNdXYwVTdMLTdKMEFjOTNUMHExTTBMQzNUSjFjNFA5LWZlVjV4TVhMNHFhc21iVmhWcjZrV2hfcGstdDg2NmtkUXpFMktuUkU2d01sQm9XOGtkb1hvZlU2SGo1NjI1aUJhVUtQMHg5Z2ptUDl0bHNxVl80YThfcHFQaG91RzJBeXA3azl0UE1JMmZHeEp1c3FtUjdjYw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 17:03:45 GMT

China calls Australia’s DeepSeek ban ‘politicization of technological issues’ - Radio Free Asia
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxQRG1qRmNVVWRZNnBhS0FUdGxnS1hIaVNRMll6TnNRN0cwa3k3T3kyYndkSFhBVXpqcGdKalR6eXk5LTFSdHhJNHlQRVZQZG9aa182eXk4UUR2bWZrRXZNSjFrX0x0Z0Z6andhM0U1em53aTU0d1NNeHNmdVA4cElPSA?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 03:49:35 GMT

570: trauma reads, the Deepseek crash, and meme linguistics - substack.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxOWVdsZC12LXhfQUpieTFwaTloaTEzWDRlTERfUFBoMWdnMnlYMWNQaW5VM1dLZG5rVW9QQ0JubUE5dUhleFdhRWJoX2R0bmdCdXluRWN1ZXl6R0NXczFmZWotbElwN1hwNmxRc3lNb0kxY29WdDBxTHNaZlFDTTRjaA?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 21:23:39 GMT

DeepSeek - Britannica
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiU0FVX3lxTE14aVZsR1psY1J4VTdFSHZJOXh2b3B2cjItM1B3M2IybnJRMzR5OU9HMFRmYTlTbVpuY3ZUX1FDYTh4cDlFdVZHZkgyam1nUXVBN2pF?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 22:18:45 GMT

DeepSeek code may send U.S. user data straight to the Chinese government: report - AOL
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMia0FVX3lxTFB5cWtyS01ZNi0xV2UwbGVZX1RPS2kxY3BKQ0lUM256NmcxME9kQ1I0VXpkS2dheFF2WmVvRG1BN2hSVVh0STZrNDZVMXpQWTFsal9yMlZ5bTNGQ1NjZS1BMkZpVW15RTRLR3Uw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 20:28:45 GMT

Lightning's New AI Hub Makes DeepSeek R1 available for Secure Deployment on Private Enterprise Clouds - PR Newswire
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi7AFBVV95cUxOU3JENTJWSWJLVWxETEJQLUFwTWp0bjloVUdpdnFlbEFPWlVReTl6WnlXcmFBRUNqYWRiQVVLRnBPNzRHdUdGSXBFTDUtXzNoNWdUcllySUlqdUFISDUwMEc4M3VxNEU2X0x0VjRrUkZDZzVpcXFfMURyejgwVktUNjZzbFl0NW9YQ2Z1ZzRlSTJJb0l6M284ZEdaZlI5alZoQlM4NktxdmFYVWRIbHlodzJBWU41andEZlpYU0lNeGVHaVB1TU9ERWdLeF9JUlpYMktvZkJwR1YyT1FjYVV0eG4yR2lXVmhDTW4yMg?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 16:00:00 GMT

ClouDr shares rise on DeepSeek integration with medical AI platform - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 04:34:37 GMT

DeepSeek source code can send data to Chinese company that America banned in 2019; called more dangerous - The Times of India
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 18:31:00 GMT

South Korea ministries block access to China's DeepSeek from military devices - FRANCE 24 English
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijgFBVV95cUxONU1vc0pNUGtUNEl5eXZaTUNzNjRySmNUM01ZSVFxNGFsRVJIZ3o3SFdRczFQdVFjUDdMLTRFLUY5MXdvdF82T1RQRE1BZEE2X2pnT2tTajhBNXIxVnQxTzBFQjJqaGdGbmZIUGZscjRRSU1rOV9MNzlPdlM5M1pxZ0czcG9VbUJWYWt0bUtR?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 02:33:27 GMT

Chinese netizens use DeepSeek to copy Barbie Hsu’s style in mourning letters - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 10:00:09 GMT

Article | We asked DeepSeek about geopolitics. It gave us Beijing talking points. - POLITICO Pro
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiyAFBVV95cUxObGFOUXV1ZVo2YUd0Q1pkRnhHXzM4QVdhV1BIeVRuWkZTODVXd0dvN1JmVmN3dHVuVFZSNzQ3N0RFX05xalV0WmV2SXJqWUVRTUJFd1luZk5neEpxaF9MNUFkSGFzTWg3QlVRdHFnZDlVbFBhM3dGZHRDWGRMb1F4Z0xlRlFmdmVwZEJrbmdtMFVDOVhGZVV5Y2k4djBsNlBZYUFlU1A1dExmbmxrRXZSME1jeVVLek0wT2ZwRktjWERVNXdBYVU0dg?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 16:37:42 GMT

Australia and India warn against using DeepSeek - Semafor
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiswFBVV95cUxNYi1TanVPYXJIN2JLWFoxQlJxWVJTUWp2WmZNbElTMWt6NDlBczh1NjMwNHo0dm0zb0lUOTliNVoycWdpM2tTMDNDWjFLclNhRG1yQmJtSzVYN19SZ2EzanZDalJ3dWtSakdwSzNXZy1yM0dMeXZxUnJFY3kyYjlmclE0dWRSTkR6YlFZckpkdXlfZmlMaVpBUlRDN0ZCNjAzMlpuVWdTR2tXM1RPbkxwU2Fzaw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 17:35:00 GMT

AI chatbot war breaks out with DeepSeek debut, and the winner is…you - Computerworld
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuAFBVV95cUxQUmdIY245WFRlbHZxank0ZXViVnVvUENiVEJkVUl2M09vbmc4ODF6ZnNCRVUyMHZyUkNNdGF5c1Bwa2JHS0VtRngtVDJoejdmUjYtSW9naGgyUmphZWhnT0Y4bHlPdkRQdmF1WU85eUhJakUyQUFiV0otNTNHeTdEY3VPOEZoRHBHVHFhQnA3ZTF3Umo0dWM4WmNvSHZkY0xnZ21jeGI2MGh2RHB0Xy1oQ3FqenkzdElR0gG_AUFVX3lxTE9aOHZMYlZ5a0otdnVqeTE2eml1c2pBaG5WUUlGNXh4MXlOdG1Tem5JOTZNQURKeHZaVEVwVmtwTGlyUzM5WTEwTmwtQnp6LXNWWm53WlpfLXdRSWN5ZHBmcEVEUExDdFFldUtVNWV6TnRCbjRUUk8tZ1RmRE8taVktNWZVbGJxV000dThObFJlLXBhQkNubnBqWFlkOFg2S3h6Y25TdjZfaUU2VG1ickJ6LWR2bHB5TG1BbkRBY3hN?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 11:03:02 GMT

Tag: DeepSeek - Media Nation
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiTEFVX3lxTFB1eG5MbTQ2Z2dPWDdhcG5HdnUzTE5LUkpWX0d6M0VhdlFPWjBDV0FqMHB1WDc2Y3Znb3JuTkNBeTZlWGdCUlRCbnRyVDg?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 12:56:35 GMT

List of countries who have banned DeepSeek in various capacities - The Times of India
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 02:09:00 GMT

What’s next for DeepSeek? AI start-up stays mum amid post-holiday plaudits - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 11:00:20 GMT

FCPA Compliance Report: DeepSeek and the Sputnik Moment - JD Supra
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihwFBVV95cUxNXzU5aDdxd2Z1VW5aVC1KZUJRdFM2N1FhRXhqQUpvd0hNRnpySDJObjJNT2Vodk14empGRVlJaVEyQ20yaXFWR1BvYlBSSGluRjY3bktIckVTZm1zUTdyMEFJMjlLamZrVHBYelN2Zllic2Y5R3hVTl9NNDBIMEJYbHpWWHdKLTA?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 13:32:15 GMT

Google debuts new class of cheap AI models after DeepSeek raises cost questions - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihAFBVV95cUxPV3ZyRzZfSmE0QUVZZ1h2RlpLZXJZbXZ3dFNmUzVTSm90R3ZBSkFVcjd4MkF6dmVmRmg5NzJWMFJUUjhhODJIXzQ2cXdtYXFjS0UxRmFqQ0l1QWRNZUNaVi1QUXNTcWZsa21UREtUVGdUMjd1ZGZheEswWG5oZTcyNm9reW8?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 16:02:58 GMT

Korea's ministries, businesses block DeepSeek over security concerns - The Korea Herald
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiV0FVX3lxTE1ZVGJ2LUN0b2RqNWNqS05zYlZSY1NDTUktZXVLOFJTb2J3R0RVcE4tODdKNXQ2eUJ0QVRub0ZFWHFIdVJzX2lKQmE2ODVuNTh2ZzdJbU9zcw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 05:59:32 GMT

House lawmakers push to ban AI app DeepSeek from US government devices - WRAL News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxOQ2FUQmlvbER4eC00WG1PLTJ0REpVeGZ3RWQxbjJmcVlvczR2Tm9qdEpPTl9qMktqQW0yTktOSm1GMm1nQmkxRlhTck90V2NhOUFIWnMwak4yUXZkQk83eGJ4T0tKRDFaR2lIcVd3UGlfLVhEMVVEbEJTN3o2ZGx1NG5TOVdYNzR5Y3lFaGI1MnU0aHJsQ3RmQk9wRFZaX29GOENIYVpMSnBIb3fSAUpBVV95cUxQVlQ2ZGNQWnZmdlVIOGI3ejFLb0d2WE1wMkk1a1dCR2pvanJaQng3TlJheTVMbzlSMWNGa3BrNVFBUHBZazNybmNlQQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 18:37:07 GMT

Here are the winners and losers from DeepSeek's breakthrough - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi6gFBVV95cUxQWFVDWDFyQWFNdm9Dazc5V1MyZU1IMzNFMC1DVFlPckVlcmlvQ3NXSEU3VXUyU1Z3N3NRWXhTMzVSY2lqN190WnZjT0huOWEwUHQ0TGpTMTNPR2paRWxyckh4dkFrMkdkMjdCYWlsRnNacTFqQVFyVElFc3FWR3Rhc3lqUWU1TTZOcmRnRTh1UXRVMjdnZGtTenZ1NEZja0dKRlVyck44bG93dWVtSUI2cGc0c1BvY2NRdUlMUjg1bi1TdC1mUUN3dFFMeDVHZ0owNTV5Y1ZuTnNqNEtiTndRaExVMTR0Tld6dUE?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 19:26:00 GMT

Blinded by DeepSeek; A Million Other AI Models tracked by Liftr Insights - PR Newswire
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixgFBVV95cUxNU3JuTS1hb0V0RjVwSUpaODF0Y3dfS09oMEtKcDAycHZnRzBhUUlEbGlXZGRubXl6LVU0TTJYdlhoX3VISTdQUWV4VU8xVWhScHZYNldoVVY4Y2Rpejl6dEF0SEFFOVZGSWxyeUdZM2xYN3UwYUo3LXNOYVhjNktSME9DRXBnYk1nS0lCOW9IY2VSa3V3YU5OSVZjeThtOEZiQVUtMUdzODNlVmdVWkxGZk9yejBwRGN2b1VTMUVDSWgzajF3M1E?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 15:08:00 GMT

Russia's Sberbank Plans Joint AI Research With China as DeepSeek Leaps Forward - U.S. News & World Report
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi1AFBVV95cUxPUXRwZDdfanRpZXBPenAtMlZRZlZiV3pnOV9xSS0zRWlmLWlmOURMeEItZ09ld0JkSGhVVkY5WGF2OGVDVExoLVNROEFsdjFla0s1X1lqb2RXdHptUlctT0hPSTl1cGxoaVBQd3lfdnQwcmJsN3diQzZXQnZoc1h2b2dURVpneDdScHZPbVVmakJiQmV5SnJiNi1RRGE1a0h1WV9xaHJjRE1OeG1TX0lBc1lxa3lodmVCb0swc3JKMml2NlhvVzdDVmczV0kyZTR6ZU91cg?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 07:15:00 GMT

Exploring DeepSeek’s Impact: Disruption, AI Innovation, and Cloud Giants’ Response - Cloud Wars
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipAFBVV95cUxQWjhZUmFUa1ZEaWlSYll6ajZWYU5ZZGhqT0pwTHlKSHJ0T1BHN256OUFlVmw2eFdIbTJlVURQeG9yRHJYS0xncGxHRkNaTXk0WlRqSERldnZRdDNTeWpSR2ZBWnI5NHE5UWxZZmlzcDhicWFTTTJWbzQtY0o1Rms5UFNtMXhjWktxVmRtcjNIWUxDQW9RRnFvQW1aUFVvTTV0eWt3Qw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 12:30:00 GMT

The DeepSeek Disruption: A Wake-Up Call for Big Tech? - G2
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiZEFVX3lxTE53MWVHXzVpNGhDLVRkNm02ZVFpNGpXM0x6VngwdlJtR3c2QmVraGJIOHl1WHV4NjMyMVRBV0xfdHowbGwtZVNmMU54aldGUkJBVFNjUzZWbGpmMmFQSllrWV83VlI?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 21:33:25 GMT

China hits back at Australia’s DeepSeek ban on government devices - Forbes Australia
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxQWnN5ZG13YXhoNDFueXRFSmlKZ2I1NmhHdWF0ZjA1c056V3hiMWc0aFlUWUhqbE5yZWctY2drSDVXOUpxUDg1ODZ4bjQwZXBzQ1VTXzRjQlNEcXdpSlg4R2d4UjhWWlduVjkzWER6amUzWWNRQW5Hc0VIaktOd1BUaU52RVUxTFVJSGxwYldrVUU5V21tMmx6RkZHMW5rcnpuWE00ZVFUX19UelE?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 23:46:25 GMT

DeepSeek: Accelerating the path towards AI inevitability - Campaign Asia
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxPWFFVc0xwYlZ1VFBScnp6RTZ4YlpHUHVQV2c3cV9CYWhRZ0xhbnF0ZlNPMHVRc2hMUEVYN285eFFVdnNrdU43S1R1MnJFVFRGakFRSXBCMkE3cnZXcU5CLVZMby0yVFpxV2czSWY3cWpHTG9nUGxSeFVuWFp2UDhkcVo5dWRZZjhROWZsN2lxSVN2NnhXOGg2Y2FRSE5maGt0?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 03:17:23 GMT

Australia bans DeepSeek from government devices: experts react - University of Sydney
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivgFBVV95cUxQY2gxeC1YUjVfZjc1LUtXclhidG0tUTdVZDVMeE40SEtBeXNNcml3RldRRjdzNlQ0QlVDZUtVRUtoR0NSTkFaX0NXNXJNSHBYR1BxbW1tZ1Q4M1ZfcTJoTm01dlc4Y195VzNpeGxFNzhNMFlhd3FGZ2VyQzcydzEtNHp5YjN2czVOTUtQb1E5WkE4SmprbDNuUHN4cjZOMHBhMlN6LTJnSkdtaDBrMjZ6X1otWUh6dVVFa3lJR0RR?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 22:35:02 GMT

ClouDr shares surge on DeepSeek integration with medical AI platform - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi6wFBVV95cUxNUTJ0cEw5d3Jqek1mR3k2TGFKbmxsRE5zRlE1UjdiR2Q4M1RVWExfUjNiZkQ2aF9yb2xoTXlFamV4T1RoTkVSd3IwdlJoZEMzd2czYnZUMC1ER1RnY1NYUkU1T3M0R21OVFpzeW5OdFNuOXpxNHlZYXllY2ttM0oxSWFtRkhhaF9CemVMOXFlcDFYbFg4S2tDSHV5NFoyaXdhNnk2cW9WMGhtaF8yLVl0dUkxTE43R0dJYmV5ZlNFUVpEdk9nVlIweXFibVNGN1NYa0tRRWdQaVpxRy16cUw5QmUyMXlBN3RLR1BV?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 04:34:37 GMT

Chinese tech stocks get DeepSeek bump, narrow valuation gap vs ‘Magnificent Seven’ - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 07:29:53 GMT

Forrester: DeepSeek's Security, Privacy, Geopolitical Risks - BankInfoSecurity.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinAFBVV95cUxON3RoNHFnSHBjWEdkZXdKZkhBTHNuXzdobnVPSG9uMHN4M0JSYkVDbURGWGhIaFljSTdPQ3dnUzBhcHFZZVdieFI3ZG9SNHJUZUNSQ1BMTWUzeVVPelFHMXplWHVlSjh3ZkJHY1hwVmNka182Z3ZVSHR4djdUMngxMXZSZmJuX3BNU0dOTFRqSUR0bmxvazA3WWZQMlg?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 17:38:17 GMT

DeepSeek’s rise raises data privacy, national security concerns - The Hill
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMingFBVV95cUxQY194bk5tWHVhZ3BoMFZ6OW9ONHFqbXd0NXpsZVhtelNBRXBqeGUxNktiTGRUdUxheUZYRExJWGJJdElVX0hCSXBGckN1OVNhaW9HbThOYVRIMmxQNDdfaWR3R0JnajE0T05lY2VTZlJ5NkFRUklWUmxPWXhMNV9PMF9wdHdWaV8xMFl6QWh1YXB3UHExY0luOUFIek5nZ9IBowFBVV95cUxOQmZEZExma0tDTE9BNm82Nml0QVJDRGRRb1Y4SzN1YU1GTDR1b2VJZkdHVGJCbTRpamwtUXFIc1VndEYxMXZieFBjc2VEZ2RTLVBDRWVILWM0eklTTVlVZ01SZjVCUTNIakNnWTMzZUw5WE5oeDVvS2U2Y1hsQlV4OWJSTTlYdHVSVXJSZXAtc2xNYXFYeUZYX1EwN2o0LU1aak9V?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 11:00:00 GMT

A DeepSeek Driven KWEB Rerating? KLIP Covered Call Updates + New Outcome Periods for KBUF & KPRO - KraneShares
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiwwFBVV95cUxNTzBfbzU4OVJzNUhCMkdzZW1meDJ5S0NEbXNMTjdRMlNfRTFDeGFaVjc4U0M3WllrZEU4amxKQjdsMjhUWC1OaTd1LTN5NVo5UkREMGxwMGdZNnNOMVhUdjlwSzJmZTA3dW1Ud2pPSkl6OFB3bDRuUVdiR3RGTjFkMFVkOEtBSGY4VjBjazZVUkllejdKV3ptUHZfMC1BaVpDbHZRVDRFVElDM09HXzdJUk9hUTNkQzZsLXNwRXRHQlFFSVE?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 20:08:48 GMT

DeepSeek is reportedly sending intricate user data to Chinese telecom despite US ban — weeks after suffering a "large-scale cyberattack" - Windows Central
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipwFBVV95cUxNRFpnM1FJWGxod2Y0eDBYRW5MTXQxUGItMnRSQ3RVWWMzODhnNzZ6dUlBQVJLVVY3RUR1Nm9SQU9NT2JnaHhjOWkwelRFai1GQWtRSjBFU3c3RTgzQzItbTJmQ2dUeUZ3WnJYcUFpRVd6dUpwTWtwXzYtN0VJdVk1QjdFcGJXRjlGYWZNeDAtdFlJUzJpUUFqZk9PekZxb0MxSllJNnpkMA?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 20:42:27 GMT

China's SMIC stock hits record high on DeepSeek AI optimism - Investing.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitgFBVV95cUxNbmJncU1WSkxvcW9mYk1TbGFWOG9vQnc5SEJnam45bTZ6NHJIX0I3Wm1KNnJTd0U1a3hNMVV3X05HdmprOGtuSDRta29RTkZWaldOYTA4UjluVE43RXR0aU5jM2pzUlpuanZjUkhwWEMwQnJ5NU9pX3l1OGcyMTZyWmFwelQxcVZaSmlPYnlfLWRsUzlfNERuQkd1Yi1GZDZGd3o0NzJaOXFFMVZhM09vOVp0ZUVPZw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 03:14:22 GMT

China's DeepSeek AI could expose users' personal data - The National Desk
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 16:18:14 GMT

DeepSeek code may send U.S. user data straight to the Chinese government: report - The Independent
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihAFBVV95cUxNa0tIdVdETlYwS0ItQWlvMlN5LUdwbVNxaHJ0bDFDeWlfV005d255TjVlanNjbnlHZzR5N0ZVcDAydWI4ME5BUnJ4bE5DTi1BbTMzWG5kdklER2tJZnN2b0tqdkZiUjRTb21DT05WN2x6NkR0NUdBTlJ5b1NhZWg0WjY1eFU?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 20:03:00 GMT

Improve DeepSeek-R1 Reasoning with RAG in watsonx.ai - IBM
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikAFBVV95cUxNWUpWQm9OZXZhQXpONTNiZUV6MXp3YXpVTmVLazJOVzR3V0hOQm1mTVdsc052UFFRSmdTdzloOGJDYUcxRV9PZ09mX09uMVhjdk5SQjhhUXUxdVJuRWVhQmt5TERKczZYdmVsdWdKWG5aSjNMdWxhckV6QzVpMjR6ZE5zZ1A3dm00Ui1EdnBwR0s?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 05:07:41 GMT

Aurora Mobile Limited (JG)’s GPTBots.ai Integrates DeepSeek’s Janus-Pro - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihAFBVV95cUxPYXFaZThGb2JxUEpvUlNyRkx4N1ZEX20xblA5MVFWcDEwWnpEWDR0T0plVXN4aHRGNEFwQWFRdGp0TjVjVHk0VF9Yc3Jmd2JSaUZmZy1YdkFrVHo4N0F6c0lNVkQyOUNjQmh2dzhET013XzczbEE1ckVodnpYZHdhcUN4VGw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 19:52:55 GMT

History says deeper pullbacks are coming than what tariffs and DeepSeek caused. - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi4gFBVV95cUxNcVE1d0VhRjRKLV9XZWpCQV83TGFWMm5PWDdKbmxSN3R3aDhlcHRWTHVMWFNoYnNzSVdkMG9haWdZeGk4ZlMzcF82ZGdsT1FCNU5hSDY0SE9TUHFQclRCN3M2NWxrMWgyeWd6ZW50aGtsSkJXWm9QN3cwbEhwYXpRY0F5bEVGckVVbnpaU0NjaTFsZ0ZNX01BYW1tZmFXSXRPTHRSWjVoQXJFNjlxMHFtN3h5eUVpdkdsLUkzUmdnYXVzNlJOM3h2a002ZmZGWEVYc3ZLZW9uWTRrVTh0UmpFUml3?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 11:55:00 GMT

AI Weekly: Altman does Asia, DeepSeek divides opinion - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifkFVX3lxTE5LakJyZDh1WlFlRGtJSmh3ZFpaQ0xNN0dVT1FibFNwbWV6VFhWczRBdjBORUc4ZlhpUXNXbUV5TGNIMlNweURXdlp4NUVZaHRmTHFpU0JSdlkzaUVXRHdCMUx4RTJRRGlWRGdzcGluZm16Y05JN1VKQmd5eUdGdw?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 21:50:54 GMT

Alphabet's big AI spending plan is more good news for 2 chip stocks shaken by DeepSeek - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirgFBVV95cUxOZEhyVi1hOGdCNGNiazNPNUxVbkhIdjNkUy1TMGpRa0VNNEJOaFZNbVBnWGl1RWVuNGtsd1FoVXAtS3hDXzRiYkhsUDJIa19sZzQ1dVZKXzk1LWx2OWFONmRWQ1F4RmlFc1FmU3lILVFRUTM5dDhpcG15T2hqNnk5cWh1MmY0RmJNN1cwODhOckVCZDl5MURrcDdXZk8wd1VPQlA2OEdBenVjRzkwMFE?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 19:13:00 GMT

South Korean ministries and police block access to DeepSeek - The Japan Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimwFBVV95cUxNM184THFscjNCa1lRanMwa3BqZFhaQVp4dnRPbnpIZzJudllfbG11Y29aM2QzYkVuVEhfNnVSb0RzQUtZNEJ5UDZIQW0xYTRFMXdRTTNvXzN5SXozZHpqdXNlWGhJZTIyNl90Z2RZcUNwR1NIMzRJV055eWoxeE1jYng2SEEwNFNSVjhJSWF1a2tTSHQzVmt1RmdZQQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 03:38:00 GMT

China Future Tech webinar | How is DeepSeek shaping the race for AI supremacy? - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxPdU8zZEVCc0dhU3lzTklEOGQ1U01WQXVHT0ZKS0tfZUt6d21GX1hNT3dvMnJ3ZkdtYndHbjFpUEQ3NjF2ZHBLaDBvemxGa2hVTEFKWGNLMzhqLUMxaWxUREhtbzlQM1RMVUwxQkhGU1hiM3k1Rk1CLXNDak0xTHZfUEFYYnRxUmlGcEMyQzR3bmhxaERHdkx2U1htbmhRQmdTSllNZ3lBdmVwQdIBqgFBVV95cUxNU2xBTHM3THB3bHlHaEFuQ0dncEtiNDhqbU05QnB1QVVWNGdFS1A4cVg0Z0x0dkdGellieXE3ZFJ1QXJEY3gwY3lwRUFHY2lTMTZQM0JpRmNjNkpSM2twTmE5NUkxTVdTZXVnVExpZURsNXVNY056MW1nckNDNjdJU1Y1UVotOWpYcTFnZlZqRW1KTjNNY2JzdU1pckd4N2FIWWhFQ0Zuak9DQQ?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 09:25:33 GMT

AI panel debates business impact, ethical risks, and China’s DeepSeek disruption - The American Bazaar
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxPRU03UlpoSktLaHZ6MHFVZWZjdGVSZDIxa3hidG0wVmhHQkl6QTM4c0xFNkNUT2VMLTUzdHFzRjcxSXlVd2JDOWU1N1VoNi1MdWlwQmZfMjA4M3U5Z2sxck1WWjBpalU0SWxhTGJWUl9iYjVfYWtQU2NRMVhfblFyWG9heTRBQU9zR3h5eFhUblctUmF2dksxNg?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 14:56:53 GMT

Australian and Indian governments block DeepSeek from worker devices - TechRadar
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxNdm80NVBvcGYycEZRVDNXRFVHOUI5Z0hxcVQ0ekNOMDZrMGJzYndTd0ZZT2xGTDV4eWZxemtaWmRPU3JIWEF6S01fLXRSUnJ1OHQteE5zUnpMbFBUT3hiRVdJWXFfalZ1ZlFwc0FmT0hvTk5rYWNud29PRkVUN1h2d0w3QzFjbEtJaEFlNDJ1bXl3RWU3amxKWjVlRW9HZkV3bGluY3hMMEZ2emc?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 14:28:00 GMT

Commentary: Is DeepSeek triggering a Sputnik moment for the American AI industry? - CNA
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitwFBVV95cUxPLXZBckZsM1NNSDZHOUI0RGVNcm9kT2JEVDVpanZtYUh1bGJaQTlydnFxOXpsQTdmQkVvbVZjdWFKdE13UXFsZ0txb1hlM2p2VVZDS1p6Y2hPcWtRc2wweEZ5OEpoWWxSdV9LU1pHRTRPbGR4VlZOQy0ybTNhQjhNdnp6Zk9Gd3NoNnBmcUxBY29TaFdMc1pJdmVmOGpRR2hIbWZ1NGRLTjBibzdhZUNSZTF3cVhsUFE?oc=5
Published: Wed, 05 Feb 2025 22:00:00 GMT

How DeepSeek’s AI Compares To Established Models - Science Friday
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMickFVX3lxTFBwUkR6VVowdldLczliQ0tPbk1UMzFlLVY2RS00UzQ1VHNncUJGSW92NXdqY0w1NEhpeUo3U3M4RTlLZjNOdmpuUmZZX2pNQ29mQmY2TjhwVXp1MGo1LVRabl82TlhfcS1BbklQNUk4QjV1dw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 05:07:03 GMT

DeepSeek shakes up AI sector – and other digital tech stories you need to know - World Economic Forum
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiAFBVV95cUxNa3NFbjVid01kSFJId2xzYkZzbmhzUmJtNGwzSExNcWRVVW9IVi02azZPWHVCTDZCZ1h5dk9lVnFRM25hdVNMU1ppbVl6YTVJeHdmTEpyUU1nRXdndkRoUVl6a09KS3BlenBJNzFwTUQ5ckVkLU5NOWFRQzUyLV9VN25rYmJqVXhL?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 15:36:00 GMT

Experts Flag Security, Privacy Risks in DeepSeek AI App - Krebs on Security
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilgFBVV95cUxObk1rTUpPYlc0S0tPR0xDY1dIQnNUa3h6YmJ3NnRkclAyZlA2a0RwX0g4eEVJQm5FSXFQR3Z6VkdTeldFV2p6eXpPRkhKN1R5SEF4ZEd0NEtsbERZMk0tSk5aOTdiZXNRRlA0OFFDTDVZVmhvbGlBYWlfNjROY0xweHAwWlB0eGdzNWhRajR3ZEhMVnY2OFE?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 21:15:07 GMT

DeepSeek AI’s Security Woes + Impersonations: What You Need to Know - The National Law Review
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxOdHo0VjdmRHRXSy1TSHEwZHJEU1ktaHNVOFY3Unc1dzViM1NDdkFyVDBWUU80Tm1Ca3JYZDZ1WnhNWnJUQmM4Z2xIeDQzdGRMZDZTYlNkaXZWQ053ZXdQNU95UnAyQlhJUWVieVNETC1jTEp5ZzFzSXhYdy0xWUxyczlRcVMtRkxnelJRU0hrSzJ6TDFDRER3edIBngFBVV95cUxNSFphaC1GTnRNZTZBZ2VHbV9EZlJyX0ZUdjM4RXpBc3llUzNvUUNDNUlMRldUcmxRTmVEeGw4X0dwQVBNOTFqU3BFak91ZldzQVc5OHpicWxfbC1zU0ZIS3k3dnZuTEVyd2F1VjROaXAycGlyY2FHQVJxN1NpME91ZHk0akJjZFFWR0NVNUVqWF8tVjcwWDA5Nk5jNm5uZw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 20:47:50 GMT

DeepSeek isn’t China’s only new AI model, and analysts are calling the flurry of new applications ‘coordinated psyops’ - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMie0FVX3lxTE5UUjljblJ6Z3NMNnd2cjB1b0JFdFhrV3kzeWNhRl9JZ0dVUnNPV0tUNXQzNEZud1lfUWZDVnROWHRKSkhIeDdFLXJuZldyeXdsSklsa3NoVzRqZXRQUkVUcFJxODRPcWJaRWhzbVZXU1BBbmZOSTJJN3JfTQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 19:31:29 GMT

DeepSeek has rattled large AI players — but smaller chip firms see it as a force multiplier - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikwFBVV95cUxQOXNqTGMwYkhHbFhQTnI0el9UVHd5alFRT1BpRTc3NUMyVkd2SEc1TXROMVRrbzlvTlgwUEJIUGgzLThtcmduZTMxVHZjVDljeHBxWVptVnFObEdGTWdCOUpGUkstX3BYejFPS1Y1eU1ORm1ja2tpSlV3blNQWWdxS0xSTUFvSzdVVGZSdi1YQUJHT2fSAZgBQVVfeXFMTm9ZRHhTekZJVVRuQWlTS2xQX1FJdnphbnpYREN4WTVPRGh2dS1IY09ESXZJM3ZaRUlhTm80WXFGdzZWaGZGVUxPdEhmYUtQV0J5YWt4dnMzdmIxT3NxS1ltMG9SVVo2RHctZmtieWl0NU1WX0ZJUGIxSEJ6aVF1eUh3MmFsNlJabjkzOTFQU0tCZk95Zll1UXA?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 03:40:00 GMT

House lawmakers push to ban AI app DeepSeek from US government devices - The Associated Press
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijAFBVV95cUxPX3NjMXBDTGd4YW8zTWlaTjdKNGk3dkI4M1RqdElUalNRUnlDQWRURVZZcDhfU1ZLb2NxYkR0TGFkZGJlXzR2cmw2eG1NRTJNMjhqTDlraW5Ra1ltNmdpN0tBbTEya3BtbWRNbTJsblMzaE9MU1BCczNabThybHYwOTdJSlBqNHJRVzdjRg?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 22:20:00 GMT

DeepSeek temporarily suspends API service top-ups - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivAFBVV95cUxQWDV5dnVrT1NjVW4yTEJGemtMYjhQd3NxY0hhalVYMzlzN0lOTHNUSkNxTHJiUFR0dDZaWHBDQ25lWkZTN3gwQkhucmRNMWpWLWg2dDhzS2VBYjZ5azl4c0xWZWxYWHc1ZzY3eFBIZW0yUTk4SXFWa0lqZG00eUZhYnZJSGZCcjF0NzhEY2twa0tsdFNXVzJOTnNmRDdUMGNDYmlFNE1icTc5RzlteG1fQUNKWS1sazY1elNmbA?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 10:29:44 GMT

DeepSeek Should Be Banned From Federal Devices, Lawmakers Urge - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi8gFBVV95cUxPVTY2UGQ0cGJ1bHhaLXZkMTQ0V0w3cmhNTzBLcUNpSlVEa2JrYS1fUHZlWmFObnRQVEpsVTBYRl9Ra3V5cTZyODd4THJjbV85TmhDZ2ZRaktxQkNNYUhhUHBjVExDb1JBWFJvUDl3QkRMMXUwbWFTMVhVelhHUE9weGJBYVVwai1JX28wVDR2bThSeE04VjhSRkpKdVZBendBNVlTdmRIWGRPdkdGZXpIS3Y2cURjbm1WcXJhZTNtbmNIYUdlQ1MzM1Y4TDQzLW5RaU5wMWJjcGJleFktWlZfejlJMDBFS2xZREprVlF1WTFYdw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 14:11:29 GMT

US lawmakers want to ban DeepSeek from government devices - CNN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiekFVX3lxTE1qeXF2RHR4Rk5ITEtOd2k0WnJoSVc1Nmg4VmNjd0dvalVIcXJaeHh2RG9MS0Rsb21rUDNUclBXWjVrbEhkcGJqOTAyMWdsZUxnYU5COWpEVTZ6UjdDYzc1VnhPdlMzY1ZRSi1zY2ZkeG85SzJGWWFQb3lR0gFwQVVfeXFMTnVWbkV0a2pRR25vUU5vQUI5ZC1KbGtJcmY0aDlNTXdhR1ZpbWdtTkVKa2FpcjBlWWdzSlBuamJPaFVGcXpzRzFoZ0tLTG4yLW9PdWhqbXNBTXN1R0g4OFdJVVlZOGtWWWs0UlJMcFQtMA?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 17:46:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s R1 and OpenAI’s Deep Research just redefined AI — RAG, distillation, and custom models will never be the same - VentureBeat
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi2gFBVV95cUxQZEI4Y05qQ0hVaUpyemlxdmdPVDZ3bmJfSWR5U2M3ckg3OFM1WlJBLXJiRG5TWkNVX2dSTE1ON3pfYkRlZ2VBazlfcUtZcFpjemhfSnRnblZ2QWJIWHk1OGFRd3VaMVhDY2wtTmFMVDBGbDR2OGtUbUJqQXFlcTk0Z052NW1KYmpkWFNoVWhGRHUwNnBUV2JXaEtlSl9id2k2N291M2UzSlVNVEtjZVlBZ3NXZy1VMzhzaUVDcGdYeG9CczhwSXU1NmFlQzdHQ2cyMTBiUDdQT3ZwQQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 16:24:02 GMT

Exclusive | Lawmakers Push to Ban DeepSeek App From U.S. Government Devices - The Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxOTU1jRWpoSzJ4cVFkdlpnYjJfOENjMWtoRHFoQnVOLUdTbmxaeklpTzlSWkFKX1RxREhUX3paM2JnOFRNRk1mUkI0NkUtNlhTUXFkazlLUi1ib2FJbFB6ajdrYlRXQUZ1dDczRGs4amZMdGY2QWVJaTdnalptb1AwUkFQcGw4NG1weWVzX0I3SlBWY2hQaTNMUE5WdzJRXzh1?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 00:09:00 GMT

DeepSeek iOS app sends data unencrypted to ByteDance-controlled servers - Ars Technica
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiswFBVV95cUxPQ2pURndQUGxUTjkzY2VLaVpCSWI5N1F1R2VFdDRJWmNjUTAyM1dYTGtMaUhvSUJTbEIzT0Y1Vm00RlZObVBEY2tHNEFkTUVvZVA1dG1lNHl3eGRpSHRtNFdvaHN5UFBmR3dyTmJka1BUUUlGMmZiOTREV1pFdXBJckFIZHJYcGdad3pURDNpbkd0b2pSSHREbEtNdnlqZWMweGF6Y2Zabi1ycUhtZlllSGtWUQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 22:06:17 GMT

Lawmakers propose new legislation to ban DeepSeek from federal devices - ABC News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxONnFPbG9VdGFYLTZSUHlmYmFKTUZzdFFkSmM1N0xOendfRTBEUS1PZkI0c3hoQVVWbUZQOGZJOE1LaEN1cldmR3NpS2hha0tHak84c2FmVWxrSUFvR2JGa2VSV2VBNjJVR0pSODlublhXYXJRbUYzdkFMWE1TcVpLekpfR3NtOHZacElWMlloTDgyengzbU5mWDVaU3FwRWlkRkh4Mi1HU2xHNW8?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 10:08:07 GMT

OpenAI Mulls Product Changes in Wake of DeepSeek’s Viral Success - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiugFBVV95cUxPMVc0bkd3QnlwV1dOa2Z1d1YxVXJnWjk0VHR1ZlZ1WFdvWFdxTHNKbi1BczRVbkR0eTdiNzJLOGUxcjhXMWEyc2MyTUxtdFN5OTVGTG9UbWt4dHo5eENUTERtZkRlU2I5ZWZmdTY5OG1kTW9FX1JvdFhQRTFnQ1NmTVZTMjJKaTVPNm9rbXhtUXZCZXYtcklCTW9NS0s2ZlZuX2N4X2FhWVZlQ3hDQjBDbEJNSFZZU2xVVmc?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 21:00:45 GMT

DeepSeek fever fuels patriotic bets on Chinese AI stocks - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipAFBVV95cUxPN0JITG1pOEdnYXNqV1BkUTZfbU0zRFdPQVkwbzNaTm9YWDZfakF5Q3BpWllTbllmNWRMM0RSTE4xZExrc3czajFzQmxROFlfTFhpdlp5bUxod2tqRnVtVUFtRkUxR3I0ZEVUajRYV0hCMzVMNXdndXcybkVIUHFOdGM5MHMwc2J6U0QyM2Q2S0lkMm1OQ0xiaHJZZ1ZweERlYnpuVQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 08:44:42 GMT

DeepSeek Limits Access to AI Model as Demand Strains Capacity - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigwFBVV95cUxPeXo5cGI5V2x2aWs1czIxV3l4RUFWenk4OEhVZUNPU0pvX1I1Y0h5WUwydzV0ZE4yMzFoMFBJQkdaOWxFenJZTWhva2hNa005blRXdmRZRDdKWFdmVkNTVy1lSTdQWTh2RFB0MHNBMEJDN1c5WWgtMkRPWUE3dDNKZWZPZw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 11:31:46 GMT

Russian TV falls for fake report on DeepSeek's 'Soviet code' - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivgFBVV95cUxOZUs2NjBOOGY5N1NMUVR5NGVpVWJrRnF6MUpMSmVJWFhzTWJGdnFLWWtWclVYTzNMMGJXUzViZHg2V09ldnhhV0MyU3FTb2E3ckQzODRLeV8yOE90U1ctbFV2OU52akhNZHBxbTN5MkFMVEZkVG9HWjZSa2Y4bkVua09ONnlCaDdCRmZnNklZMTRGNkpnSDY0Si1XUUlJbk4tTlQ4akRfbS1iRTA5Sy1FU3B6N3pqcjRfWHVqVUJB?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 15:21:50 GMT

Lawmakers push to ban DeepSeek from US government devices, WSJ reports - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirAFBVV95cUxOQ1FMUEYta2t3TXZkWm15NjY4MWJIaFN0VWQ5b0lsRkdmeDh5ZnNIY2VoalBseU56My1tNDRvV2NFaWk5ZUVob1UyaEU0X1RpMmNmeUZaXzZIOThrdTViOEVlbVE0Yjg0TDl3bF91VzVZZVE0bEZHMW1DcE5wbThjX2s4S1FzcDBEblVUZDZqeFlpX3B2VUpaXzdYUkxjaFFZbGw2ZjlGa3hfWVNm?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 10:17:55 GMT

A new bill would ban DeepSeek from government devices because hidden code reveals the AI app could send data to a Chinese telecom: 'This should be a no-brainer' - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihgFBVV95cUxNUW9VUDRvV2lTb2lxRUdnRTRCQURubXg3cGVaTUYzOVRxSHU5dDY1MmZ5NV85bjNhekZPblF5b3RxcDdwSVVUX0o1Nmo3N1JWZVhCM3VhbmNlVjRoWEdYempHZDdzNmE4aHhPMk5hcGdla2x1c2JqaTlaWjlJZDZsMUNCVEJtQQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 17:26:00 GMT

Russia's Sberbank plans joint AI research with China as DeepSeek leaps forward - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi3gFBVV95cUxOSnhSUFd0SXh1VFBiSlN2alREaGE0dlp6OUY2V0hGbHBmakpMVnFFLUxxTExMbF9NZjhwUnFKNy15ZlJWQzNJUTZGMlZSekx2dVlnS2FTWF9GRkVZNnN2a2hnMllJRFNYS2REeTc4OHhHZERuWGRtYmRPYVpOVmszMmJyOU90QWFCZ0hHYzBIOFBlSEJmaldacWxDRmY0Zy1FcHYxVmV2eU5DTnlsY09wcE5td0QydXdET3R5X2JFb1J3d3pQdVc2RjdKR3I1N1NJdHNrWXRCOWxVZFNiUVE?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 08:22:00 GMT

DeepSeek Phishing Sites Pursue User Data, Crypto Wallets - Dark Reading
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimgFBVV95cUxOeTZwbml4dndmdVZ2dXpLY0JJT3pMNjAzVUZvV1Y1TzhvTFNkUjVVRDF6UE14WGFkRXhvTjhlWHVjNTNvcWYzOGdSa0p1eGptTFJEWkZidEN6cDR4WWlsWW9sYkRXNnJGU3ZNUXI0MW5XcVdLTW1sUHZoU2UwVTZkV0lETTNLNkNBZUJFb1A4TDJGaENPbjRIYUZ3?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 20:58:02 GMT

South Korea’s government is the latest to block China’s DeepSeek on official devices, following Australia and Taiwan - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirgFBVV95cUxOOWFKemNPTmtmYWZMaGlmVmlCSmdCV19KZ3lmY0VaU0w3YXF2YWNabTJSQ2tpa1VNbGVmeHRYeFJmaVRpaU9GcDh3UnY5ZUlzUmphWTg4NGNpSGVzZ19sazhVMHpoMDJDeGdLN25nckVzT193M1RkQ3Z3MlhsekZsRGxLUXNXdnVSSDRLTWRvRjlrV2dzbk5lT1FVX2NQTEtkV2I2R0Iybnl1SktwTWc?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 08:14:00 GMT

Protect your DeepSeek model deployments with Amazon Bedrock Guardrails - AWS Blog
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuAFBVV95cUxNV2VxLVpmbG96ZlB0cThjY0RVc2VFd0tWQm1TU0wwdDU3bUZtZG5uZjZ3eWkzZnBhSXNJS2Z2cFA0bk9Ed1ZjXzBrV3QzR1BfQWhjR1lpZy1JcThKdGRPUG9SQTRDRDctYnBoLVFoanN3MTFoY0kzdk15TFFvMmt2UGdaNWRYb2ZYMEpVb2tjSW0xUmdOVGVmcUY3Tlc4ek1JZEx4TnFsdllFa3BoalF0ZmR1c1c5RXcy?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 02:29:52 GMT

Fake DeepSeek Sites Used for Credential Phishing, Crypto Theft, Scams - SecurityWeek
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMingFBVV95cUxNbHNZdWtLVE5EWGRpWl9kaGRmRTlYU0FOYVE2NFgyZldscVVZQjNTOGNFd0ttOVJNVkxaZFVQdHZqZDBwbEw0eWk0VURKTTQtSkxFYkZkckkyYU4xTFVZZ0xUU2FETTR3eGR5ZDlldW1HY2w4cFBEemZSck5qM0VKb0wyeVQ2ZktPTkZqemZva2ZNZEZBMEd4dVVLT1hvd9IBowFBVV95cUxNZXBseWpxOVFpcEs5TFN4YTZLYzJDa0lwR1B1eGczX2hpVGVnaVNuSFpuQ09hZkg0TzYycnQ5cHVQdnZCbjZveFhXbFg5eUJYSVRYZWVvZFpSTEI2VjdXX2hreE1UZzFmVVhQWTdjWjNwZXI5YTVHMlU1UElmMlpQN191Y195czRCV3ItbGhkWnB1Y1NEZGNVTFkwVkpwSndHcWRZ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 12:00:00 GMT

Don't panic, Nvidia will actually be a DeepSeek winner, JPMorgan says - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiAFBVV95cUxQR3ZnYlhPRGdoel9PVHlKZlpaQjZMOVlSOFpoMTc5Q01VZmNFa1lyVG5xQjBGbkc5MmdCYjhiM0sxS1dFTnJ0MlIxZDBaMGRQTnpPZnpHUFpQVGdGd0l5UWRUZWFvM3NjY2FaSEFYSjhPWVNkVERHZzlqcjBFSEFobWpKdFJXSWNp?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 13:47:00 GMT

DeepSeek Limits Access to AI Model as Demand Strains Capacity - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisgFBVV95cUxPSUNzblZmUkU1UU5xMnFnakxaYWM2aVNiMm1IWHJmTkxkQXpISlpvb2ZrOE5RQ1g1MkRrcXlCZnh4THdWVDFvdW5rZG9LZm9BNzh3cUp2eEVTd1lJSjdGRmk3R3FpNDRHMU90MTNXckNuWlBZTzlQQ2FFbGsxTF9tQ3dVNUNYSXlsY09xczhCc1RELWJrVHBia3Nra1NvS2ozTGpfN3RkSXE4VWdGaHlCOEJB?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 11:31:46 GMT

DeepSeek halts top-ups as AI models rival ChatGPT’s popularity - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 14:00:08 GMT

Prediction: This Artificial Intelligence (AI) Chip Stock Will Win Big From DeepSeek's Feat - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxPdFZpcVVHcDJjRGFDN3pwWktqZlhoZnlDOTloU0NTSmVQQjAyQTNqSFNDNUZXTExpNFBYbV9heDJXVWpRQU1CR3BVMTBkTHM1RTFoVFFWbWV1ZlRNS1VhVnp0MzFuVTFVSUxOaUNWMWExR3hGVUtZazFYQ2lQRERreGhybkVaaDY0ZVlsWmFlS194OW1WakJzQw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 08:00:00 GMT

How to Run DeepSeek R1 on your Raspberry Pi 5 - Tom's Hardware
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikAFBVV95cUxQRmcybzNCVlFBNlpFald1d2NBNTRCRGU3N3RqSXNyVzM2N3lVTThvbHdRR0pSVHkyZlVIWFZZVXdaMWM0bUNIelpDVXJnNmxBdVFGejF5bEtGRGJGV1NPc2MwNXZmOTZFWkg1ZnBFOWlFb2F5SGZXNXROaEU0RXoxd1JTRnJIT1hfd3JtM2Vaelg?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 13:00:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI live: Chatbot vanishes in Italy amid claims OpenAI's model was used to train Chinese AI - AOL
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMib0FVX3lxTE5VQkp1NUhVWjdvU3ppUTFXTElTNHVMYTdZRjJ5ZlR0TkxjSVkzd1FaZkQ5MFZpREdvcXFXUDJzczRnMHdtaUVnSzBaTUtKN242Wmh1RkNJTXZ2aHhhdGFNUzZQbkR3cEpLemJZMjVIMA?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 19:20:57 GMT

VOA Mandarin: China’s DeepSeek banned by several countries out of censorship fear - VOA Asia
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 06:24:10 GMT

Power Stocks Had Been on an AI Tear. Then Came DeepSeek. - The Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMid0FVX3lxTE13U2MwbUFwQm01VVJmTk9PTkdqRE04WFd6S0dmTnBiLTk0ZFg1M1dqSlhvOGpZRGhDdThOYWJ2alY0Q3AtUHdlcG5ONERkaExNcmg5XzdHTThCNzItNUJRU1NvTVc5Y1AybTZxQ0NUaVRfYnR0RlAw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 10:30:00 GMT

Why is DeepSeek raising red flags when it comes to data privacy? - Euronews
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisgFBVV95cUxONUZrOFlaRjJUR2Q0N1BFWFhvZmNGV1pON1poTHJoSTRQcVBETWN0RFNrNHlFVXNwcDhLZ1NBQWRNOGNJa2dsdjF1QXhYa25EY0FpV2VOZzBZVnRpV3BlWnZWeVNVTmVyYUJSRGFFODJMZTlac1B4Q1FjaWU2MUJLX1Z4aG9LT1JhMHR5OENnQjQ2bkdWQkRubmlPbUZnU3JXZU1ENDBfS0Rqd0hFakZrOEF3?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 08:24:08 GMT

DeepSeek shows that ‘China eats the world’: Deutsche Bank - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 02:11:19 GMT

DeepSeek warns of ‘misinformation’ about its AI chatbot amid bans - Radio Free Asia
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMie0FVX3lxTE9ZNTg4dV9BS09VcUVxQ3NyTmVKSXNmYmxYTHBPOThOVC1GZkMxcm9OYlE5Y3czZmdrV3pFQS1DV05NbXpyY0Y0VGhKLV9qOFN0cjNhX2Q2RkdXd2pEVG5FcXlBRGdWNjNxRDZ0dXB3NE1yQU96WHdTdzd6QQ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 04:01:59 GMT

DeepSeek Breakthrough Fuels Rally in Chinese Tech Stocks - The Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilAFBVV95cUxQeDRLaWJsNEtyd2h0Z2R1OGJ4b0NveXE0Rk1VcDVyZEN3ckhkRDgzX0w0MWxINkZLZUp0dXZoSlI0OGE4WjFiV1NQemNvWUdKclZIRk1GNU9FQldZNEtFaHVFWjdCU3B0bzdQTzlNU1lsa0x5amdYWUpIdzhpQ01pOTl3cDVpZklweU44ek81VXFvU0Vv?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 07:55:00 GMT

DeepSeek limits model access due to overwhelming server demand - Engadget
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqAFBVV95cUxNWWY1OUJ3bUQ2VUo3bDBBUlEyNERyQmo3YzVXQnhsWE5aUWJrVzB0d0pZa20yNHhQOFdJeTBqUEtzdUwwdEdIUXZ2N1RpSkszaElwVlRfVXhQR0RubTYzdkVTUzFGUW9IRFRLb2JYQ0NTUXF2VjVHTVFvYTFLUTc0VDNjLWltT0s2a2ZEX2pOdTFtbU1kVEtjMFM2WkdyWDlRd1VJM29ReEk?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 15:13:40 GMT

Which countries and govt agencies have banned DeepSeek’s AI, what is the reason? - The Indian Express
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiwAFBVV95cUxQMGJlLU5sSkdWSHV3ZWQ5OVZMdnhBYTgzeV9mVnNuM2lSdGZTUDlmaGJVLXdUXy15UHNWQXJDcW1jVk8zRjZvcnNYbDJ6Q3owYWdidEhxV2tYdlc1WUNDYUFsYW8wSzgtdFN3eHJwOWFVWTJNUm1LcHlBSTFlUWlyQUxIUTQ5c0FjVjlzYzZ6VC1mWEtUR1RGWFYxaW02MGJLZW1VMDloZC1CMDJHVzBjbHRqdVlQTlpaeGZwSHhlbG_SAccBQVVfeXFMTWg0bGY0dDFySFVTTHctNzNMTkdPeFZWR2taQ0pqUHRLdzRIYjZneGVCWDBCUXhZSERySm42aG1qOVRpbk51U0NBeV9zdC1PbUhqcFJRWVdkV2cwelRDUDRyNGFwaE1yMFhyRW8xc3Z3MHNCRGlobDB0UmRBdUJjU0V2aFhNLWJ4QW8tQ19MbXhSY3VJTVdBMTZOeVNFX0RMZlowVHJsQ3R2akFDSEU5c1FrTFl4dV9fMmUtb2hKSjh5ZTBxVDlVTQ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 04:06:00 GMT

How to use DeepSeek AI locally on any PC for free - The Indian Express
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 04:06:00 GMT

Opinion: The DeepSeek Saga Analyzed as a Cognitive Weapon - GovCIO Media & Research
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiAFBVV95cUxQR3Q1UUZTTWlMNHJzTlRlaEsxcU5UNlVJa2hhWnh1cnNSa3VJbVhRQVhUNDY1M09GUHhrVnhZeUZ5YmtBOXdZSU00Tm5BeklMelB4LWt2VXlTZThIVG5kbERzbmo2bGUxdWpoT0ZzdEI4OVJIZ3pRY05GLWF2UHZnM1lrTEdrd0Jx?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 18:53:49 GMT

Deepseek AI Will Increase Data Storage And Make AI More Accessible - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuwFBVV95cUxQSUk3Y193cjlaUGJPUUFEY2cwTmJkMzJrMFRZcmxMTmtqTmJfdWZjMEVBOE9kRDlEU3c5aDlsOXFWN0pBTWRsRkQyV0tBM21aNU9nc05FMjFOZmVOMWYwMXg5SnNHRkxYWnpoYjlBX2tZNnIzeC1tNDRseWhmMzJseXJQaEdkbmM4Z3VFelRTcUxOdG16QU1ibzRhQXRTZVlPSU5RSlFpT1dXekF5cHZDNzlEU1VNSmJmdERj?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 18:29:53 GMT

5 Insights From DeepSeek’s Big News - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMizAFBVV95cUxQLTEzTUxZeDZ5clR5YWstUmxpX0E2NnpEMk5yMS1Ldnk3THo3LU00LUkxUEl2QzA5cTVmVWRvOG9zYXhsR19lOXU4QjFaN0lENVJTVDBoUVkxN0puNUxIQk1SM0pPc0NnNThTcF90X2lVZzRKcHhpcUVFLUVHd05kZDdSaWI4OEx6a2tsSlAtb1lOa1RiQmtOZDdEeDVudEJ2ME1RdE5INi1QYXdyNW4tWEFER0NaYmU1S0dsbzlqSGRTZ19rcEFzUVhHU2M?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 15:44:32 GMT

Nvidia under spotlight after DeepSeek AI bombshell; here's the critical number that every Nvidia investor - The Economic Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimgJBVV95cUxQZ2p3d3NvTVVfMEp0ZU1VSTZjVEloSERoRnFwR08zQ2ZlUVBIQXA1eW9SbkxBZzlrLUU0aUtqV3o0UHBKWjJUOTV1TzhCbXRBdWQzTFpWdUlkNGEwNnJUdEhmNktQUGRUXzVzaXpvaEh1NjFaREhlQ09MMkVKY3BhY20yZEtONTk2UzdDQWdLVVIwWER3aC1LTkZHRTAxcG9GTjU3cHBjMTlJWmFyU3RHOXNvdS1YNXh1eE42ckg5RDBLTnhXZFpxcVJKbU9QMzFWNTFhNGc5MHh2LUhQS3djelJmbzN0SmJaUWhncGo0Y3I2cVVjbFI5OG1zdjhxTk8wRi1WQnZyZmhzSWFBS0ZhQWY5a2RQTUZKUkHSAZ8CQVVfeXFMT2hVeHZXQ0MzMXI4MmlsQWh6SVlvNmpFbkx6bVFPbmhTU1hJWmR1dFR1ZHJCdWxzZnRtamoxa0FmNzZwWUxXSVRBaWR0UTZ6SVM5amNWRVFfVDJGVUZoSGR1VUFkM3hlUDdVb2R0UEkzV19pSXRGN043Wk5CNndzR2ZGeW9MdnhhU0ZQOTdnMkNkWFp0c1dxS0VxWG1JUnNDOExGMkVqMV9QV1QtYWtqSXhXblhIdnUxR0U5RDJwekI5VUdULXY0QTNEbGZXczVfekRpZmpwQlF3bS1QZEZKVEhxZlRjQlA4T2hUeV8tZ2VCVE1aNjB1Njh2bk56N1dhSGhmLU1DRlVOV21wZmtPT29zdEJWd3hYUE53ZUstcU0?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 13:58:15 GMT

Lawmakers push for DeepSeek ban from federal devices over China concerns - The Record from Recorded Future News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiZkFVX3lxTE5uX1lNQXBKRWw4WUFPOUIzNnhQellTVjFDRVRIWE1pLTNsVkRIaUVOQmxCREUwT2tsd0EzdHZnV1hrdjJYeXBXNkUwV3hLUkdYYlROcWtYSks2eFdqdVpaNjdUbDV6QQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 22:08:20 GMT

Is DeepSeek a Robber or an Innovator? - Center for European Policy Analysis
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMib0FVX3lxTE9tN1RvbkF2c0NMOGxjcGNZT0VjMXdpUWdJM3pwek5ZTmRodGMyWkxLQ1V2NDBVYmxGRXRXYVZQY2xRNmtJbi1Tb0hCcFQ5Nm1wSnRtYVZfTllnSWNpMWgxU2ZoNjBMU3Nid3h6S3daZw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 00:38:44 GMT

DeepSeek Faces Ban on US Government Devices - PYMNTS.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinwFBVV95cUxQUzlqblliaGE4WS0tZnJQYjBxeWRYa2RTN3BOWDNJaGJJTUdrV3QySUZLeV9CYkR1MFRCQjhuRk5aSzRGR0J0U0xGVVN1MW9LVHpud3ExMWt0QlVLaERwQjhXV0VWM3FCbDZqak5MTUNIdHFMYUc0MUp2TlNEV3lBU0ZOZUFweGhBZVBBZTd0dU9oSUtuNHp0ZUhhMjVHZ3c?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 18:56:00 GMT

Threat actors jailbreak DeepSeek, Qwen AI models to generate ‘malicious’ content: Report - The Indian Express
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 04:06:00 GMT

Lawmakers move to ban DeepSeek AI on government devices - Straight Arrow News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFBVV95cUxQU21Pb0pWd0tfNjNGal9Ub1djMEtJdno1ekFCc1dPbGNJcHlqbFprNVpkX0xnejRzS2dkdTJRTWZhSlBveHdRUVVuMlpZYlZmVzhBZEVIZWNMVWVOWTctaXZ0VjlNbXROWHBxdFlyeXNLWGU5UV9kYlFIUkJqRGFWTg?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 20:16:46 GMT

US lawmakers propose bill to ban China’s DeepSeek on these devices | All about it - The Economic Times
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 16:34:49 GMT

The $6 Million AI Bombshell: How DeepSeek Shook Wall Street And AI Leadership - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiyAFBVV95cUxPVHlGRXRvMjRtRE14T2hrYS13WkVhRDZyaGNhR0lkbzBuWHkyMVFrRzFQRTRZYTJoU3lhaHdJWjBZd2Jnb0ZpZzNuSDhJSGpJSXRwYlVZT0drRHJJNjhpMWNvejk3RHYtZVNwb2p4QTFjQTl3OTE5c0dUaTZGRVc4ZnZYNnFndHlhRmJnbHh6bE8wZjYycFJLTFg3RWhiYm5PbzY0V1pPVEV0VUwzcVB6R25MZWFKbnE2bVE1eWhOSV9nVFUxMERnNA?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 18:41:40 GMT

Washington Takes Aim at DeepSeek - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiAFBVV95cUxQLWJqZW8wU0lzbXpEaEsxMUZuU2w5UTJ5S1YtVEV2WnV3THdtaU9JSzlYeGRHZm1reG9Yem1zOWZWdDlSM3RqelN2ZjF1Z2hvaXVFZnZZelZqd2FvTkRLTC1MZTFNSzBEV2dfcVItQlcza0FtLV9yTmhvNmFkcjNicC1VaWRWeE1x?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 13:00:46 GMT

Naver chief hails DeepSeek shaking up competitive AI landscape - The Korea Herald
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiV0FVX3lxTE15RW9jOVlvOUFZeUxXa3hsQXVxZDR2MkZtSHhmbE9NSkxST0lYUF80N1Y4ZlJnMGx4d29La0pSOXNkYUZYR0VET01ZTmgwaExIQnN5SFU3NA?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 07:06:07 GMT

1 Data Center Stock to Buy on the DeepSeek Dip (Hint: It's Not Nvidia) - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxOMjhhQTMyLWZhSXJrUTRBOVdXcmZ6aHRZTUFPcE5qMnVENTFWUDMtamhMMlFwQnd1eV9oTk9ZLWI1eWEzY0N2UHBtcHdTakJpSVhmZ3ZKMGFOOHVxTy1lUTRZNVBNTHdFcEstVUlaVXFybk9MdU05aThEcWZKRERJb3EzaXVIbnZqeWFPSU1OZERwdlVjOHBpaw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 08:45:00 GMT

French AI startup Mistral launches Le Chat mobile app for iPhone, Android — can it take enterprise eyes off DeepSeek? - VentureBeat
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi2AFBVV95cUxObEczeE1WYUxERUZxRVhnYXppaE5OWXA5QnZJb2NTUTFiNlU3Y1RVckJnTURMYlQ5V0stVkxWTThXYjJ3S3Q3RnE3RFEwVlQ4aUZTX2ZxSlNyeWhhQy0yckJZUFpfQnVaLUNkWWRQT0cxc0s2ZGlvZFNBUDVTb05IQVo0UHpqR0dhdG00MXJqLUtlNmJ5cFhGaGg3Ykd4UHU2Q3NQaFd5QUNWby1Wd2JEcVlpVmQ2UXJhVnJHN2RlQy11aWNQUmNiQmVMa3ZmQ2kyMHNJMTF0cjI?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 20:09:22 GMT

US now wants to ban DeepSeek, will punish and fine those who use it - India Today
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 04:26:59 GMT

DeepSeek Disruption: What It Means For Investors - Seeking Alpha
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikgFBVV95cUxNMF9vNVpNZnpYV1R0SHIxdFE4X1Y1T3NQTVhkZlBraFl1MVdtdHhtZnJHVDd5bXQ0NVh0OHM0NzlSSVNkUm5mUWNmcXV1ZkVaLVFFTUNkNDdDaTF0UHVGbDhlbUV2VXVHcUhQUVFVdXN6d2pja1dhOHNZdkNMS3BYLVE4NDEwOTIzV2NxTzYxWjlSUQ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 07:15:00 GMT

Eye On AI: After DeepSeek Hysteria, The AI World Is The Same As It Ever Was - Crunchbase News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihgFBVV95cUxPRjdOTFY3VHBkd012LUNBcjNKZ3hlQnhVWWRXXzQ5VmdESENsYXk4OGh2eVRpZkJ0bGx5MFphTDZ0Q2I0Ymc1TUhPZVJ1cHJ4YUtVd2NMZFBpUXIwaDVJZVEwQk96SUJiTTMxaElNTTM4WGR6X2gwX1FYT2tTSmtmSktKNTVfUQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 12:00:43 GMT

DeepSeek's advanced tracking technology 'never seen before' - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilgFBVV95cUxQYzZURVRTbzA3QzFWR1pMUUJGYkdGZEd6T3V1RTFFek1vNlNmdWJHUV9QMDIydUtfUjNmTHhkcU8zUWR5Z2RvVHloQ3FlZE1BQTlmTTA3bkxjU3AzRGJsdzNLSFFSRkV3N1ZqLTlfazFDSGotV29maG0yRldPNkhpYk5KbmVmdEtMTkNiMkVfUkE1MkNfSlE?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 22:20:53 GMT

Alibaba Said Its AI “Outperformed DeepSeek”: This Is Why The Stock Is A Buy (NYSE:BABA) - Seeking Alpha
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimwFBVV95cUxQOGpVaUlqYkVQallaclR4YTVKWElXRlFKaXlGbWdJUDczVFc2bThfS3JadHNNZ3RuSkNUN25fOVRkTFVDZ3hOSjhnQzFBb0RNWmxHX0Qzd3ZITzJzS055MFRYdVlxVThLTEpEUHRBb0JFdzRGS3pKUVVJbF9zbHhsVnQ2em10Zk9WUkYxS21NSGNabWNZUGIzX05NQQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 11:28:00 GMT

Forget Nvidia: DeepSeek AI Runs Near Instantaneously on These Weird Chips - Singularity Hub
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisAFBVV95cUxQZGkzcldYd29SQ083S3hVT0lsRjZxYWtUbi1VZEo2eHNZOEN6enBHRHl6Mkd3RVo3aklHMnd4SHc5djNSSzBkcGtjNmFTbEMxTEhVc2FuRkVMV1R6RlBscHVYZnhJYVp2bmNLMUM3RFRvN2U0dmM5cXlaRFg0ZzA3V3pCNDNVR2FUN3dnclZZd0xBM04yMkJXQmpiQVEwWWpyalB6NHBLZmZaajVHdnRCSg?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 23:34:22 GMT

Everything We Know So Far About DeepSeek - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxPVkNNbTg0aFRtZDQ2TUFubDU1ZGpqVG11VGxwdmFNNE9JVk9OTXF0dEVUOUVDRHZfY2JCZWZOS2YxeFkzM3U1c0cxeTJYam9CblRUckFXeHZQSmpHaWJkaFJjempZdnZJWnpQVFA5aGVCNU5GTVFVZ3o1MjVkVnV2SExnR1huUUpPLTdJ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 11:06:00 GMT

Digital Sovereignty and the AI Divide: DeepSeek’s Role at the Paris AI Summit - New America
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikAFBVV95cUxPcENxYTZNcFAzb3F5VXlBQ3lmSDltaTJFanR4VEFWT09HUGphRlhnY09wUHZjLUVlUGdPcUo3TDFzQ0tQX01qa3JienlldUtRNG4tOWF3bEFGY2JfYnA2NzdHWDh0MG80WDZEREc1blZoUk1sNmNKMHprU20tVUFiV0ZDclpMMVlWMXF0Y1ZVZWE?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 14:16:50 GMT

Bipartisan bill seeks to block Chinese AI DeepSeek from US gov’t devices - Türkiye Today
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitAFBVV95cUxNSlB5Ulg0ZEd1WFpHX0ZPRTQxS1RRRHJGY1RuZjRocENIenllVzh0eDItc1g1NDAwU1ZKWUVCeUNOaG1zajBvenVld0tjWko5ampoeEhnQjFYRnlSX0UteW04VW9JTDVBV0k4WW9fcEx2b0pjYTVZWjJkZk1YemlyZF9wNGkyZ0pjVHY5d1pYUU1uSmptOGo3VkFWWlU3dHZCVzI0MkhwaHVVTE4xRUlWSXZad2U?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 06:58:12 GMT

Federal government bans Chinese AI startup DeepSeek on public service devices - National Post
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitAFBVV95cUxQYXZaeWxHLTY4OWM5SlNyNFpreEs5R2lwY3QwMzFDdEd1S09RSHVhRG1ueGhTVzJEcllPN0lyam1qWXl2NjQ1OWVraUgyaWZoUk9SMy1hYmVHU29SR2UtLWp0MEk1RzVEaldKTmoyQS1Wbnh1OEhwUDlWVUNLdzVjZkhMaGt5WWh3bWxia2FSUGlfd0kweFhGTGFMNkdJdlVvaUw2aURtYWhnQTk2N2RLMk1UbEQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 22:41:15 GMT

Rep. LaHood co-introduces legislation to ban Chinese DeepSeek AI from government devices - WGEM
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisgFBVV95cUxQZlVCYU03X1VtenJlY0RMR2lNSlRiMU5GOHlENWdJVGVGWDhFaVlZcHFCWUV0VFI2cWVLQWJjdjdvUTNhNjdMTEVSOFlMUHA5SnRZTENGUU16dXNnenNxbmZpNFNaY0F3TlFlSDNYejROMkVvQ0ZUTnRWd0c4X3E1WDdrakxDejVmVWd3MzE3Y243ZjM4UG0ySk91Rk9Xb1VPOGRibUFvY19VNFBDZ3c5OHhR?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 15:48:00 GMT

DeepSeek: The ChatGPT Moment For China’s Internet Companies - KraneShares
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiigFBVV95cUxQUmFCLXhaaUVMZXRlQm1sUE5IdjhZLURfdGFWTHpPbGNnbElEaWtUMmllYUFWeDIwd2JUa3Y0VFFCam04alpDNGJlaDdPUFJyOFRmdTdDQUFWeWNLdlZreUtadDlqS0RjWEVZY3hRVWRIc01qWkNFelBCSXptdFFvbDN3dkd0cEJMYmc?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 19:40:19 GMT

DeepSeek’s security risks lead to bans in several countries. Will it be the next TikTok? - Palm Beach Post
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisAFBVV95cUxNRUxoNE9jRkpfYzUwZFhTc2ExQVdNSkZNX0RxTV8tdG9yeFhuNWtrNkkxdWZyNmItUEg0T0hGRi1YVHVZLUZkY2JVU2tqd2EydnJBc1pzaXJ0czFQYnJCSzdkRDBoU3dhQU0zREgzWDZoYkthRmt5NUYzQnZmMFBtVjh4TF84dVVRekxES1FPYnE1U2RlOEFGcXZfU2YtSXlQelU1VkQ3QjJHcXZBZldWaQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 20:46:24 GMT

DeepSeek is a helpful tool but not as strong as its competitors, say 5 workers who use AI to boost productivity - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqwFBVV95cUxNX0k4YjFfeThscnNuNEMwT3F4N2lYV2J4QkRITVFULTVhR2lIM0dkaDBkbTh6aUw4cnFLNTV3QnZDU08zalZtYmlObTZiTTkzb1N2N1FRSEFvdEtYZVlNblhyVktZSWMtamNtUTBkclRPLTBiS1ZCSUdvNHlRR2NybFdIOVVva2UxYkctdWRUNENHNzBUOEhmT2RuYXZ6dkw0ak9LYVhJTkZMLWM?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 09:03:00 GMT

What Tech Leaders Think About DeepSeek’s Rise in The AI Game - Technology Magazine
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxNV1JhZFFKQjZFT2FOWXBjREUwYlpHeVF0b3hmbEFYLW1CUENlTUxISzZxZDFGTGhtUVAwLVFhdVItaVNPRFUwdDhpS3pBTzJjVDYzTzNYdjVGbTJmWV84VHNUbF93aDhUa1pxN2lOMVBZX1E1YjlQUEZRMGN2NkkyeWhpdGlhblIyWkxkN1d2cGM1V2JzWXQ1RlBaR1YwZWpu?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 14:10:53 GMT

US lawmakers move to ban DeepSeek from government devices - Semafor
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxPOGNld1M1X2hVZjl5elZaR1Q0Tk1BVGN3TTFtMTdWYkFfc0xqWWNKODNvRzY0eDl2eWdVREp2WEVpX3FBZjZCOGNta1RGWjZkVjN6MWkzRjZmVVZaUUJHeDdNV3ZNX0tjTjhIT2VBZUtTWW1Mcm1DZEhDSUJHc2h2LW9JcDRodE1ubFByV3ZZOEdxYVQyU1J0TjZsMWpzS0FRSUE?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 17:07:00 GMT

The new TikTok: Lawmakers want to ban Chinese DeepSeek from government devices - The Independent
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiowFBVV95cUxPcVdocUF1aW0zb0kyZkZVd18zclhTSG5GWU1VVmxXSkp4SXJNLWNCMW5xWXlnbkFlR3pkYW1lRGRQOS1wR3gwWUY4NnpXWm9SQ01hbk9qX2w1cWloa1BwNFFWLW9mNkpuS1lSZXJBdUtzV0Y2VzhnNkRIekNDZFZhOGhWcFZWbjBzQXBuWXcxVVJQQkZCSlhpbmpDcjFQT3lacHJj?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 04:11:00 GMT

As DeepSeek Rises, Russia Falls Behind On AI - Radio Free Europe / Radio Liberty
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilAFBVV95cUxQbmJTZ0UwbVVrai1WdE1zaEhibXNwUmZ6S3ZETWZzYmJpa1Q0NVRfX2x5NzdXLVc3YWhDWXdrTVpSOFpDRDlJalZVbkhpTDE4R2NlcUZxbU9FQ1dvQnUtVHhkbmhVRGVXM2JROENWLU5LQXFUX3A5SnRDZzBDN0hOV1ZxaHJtZnlwZTlpWTItRmxGU2J60gGXAUFVX3lxTE95OS0xZzlnaDdzNWJWeUc4UXlXTDMtVm5pMHBXVE5ib2Riemd6aE12ZEx0X3BweHhCY0tSZFJEQy1wQXRCS1dWYjJBNmlxZWNTNEljaVE1dEJmcVE0UEg2VVlMQ1JST0ctWWg2U3pLR1RpU05RSm0zcnJ1bUN4d3EzSVVPNWs4RFVtaERSbnpFb29vYXdKT2M?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 04:56:18 GMT

The best DeepSeek courses you can take online for free - Mashable
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMia0FVX3lxTE1jUE81bU52cGJ2TFk0bnZ3M1BFcjdGaXVHVGwzQmNmSmNtRzh3WTJhOTBIempNNk5CeDczeTdjUTAwQXpXRzBzTEYwUEpHdWFuMlN6bTl4aFE0VFMwcE1KZlhaR3pXcllvUzRN?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 09:21:33 GMT

US lawmakers move to ban China's DeepSeek from government devices - NBC Philadelphia
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 15:22:09 GMT

DeepSeek: The Chinese AI start-up worrying governments around the world - bne IntelliNews
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqgFBVV95cUxOclc4S1JyMGZjaU5KUGYzc2dJY01SSGVJREdmSnFmTllzaVhNMFVYOGFDSDdfMC0wekI0SVBMQ042V1lobjNpeWNaWDVDTzh3WnFGMFVaaHV1aXdXZ1dQRF85R2VsU0dXTGU3S1VKMUo0NXhjdDh0c1Npb1VwQ3lGLWxfZ2hUUVdZdHRxRzBqcGpIbUFuTDN1dW5PdDBuWmFidEE0THczTDNIZw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 07:03:54 GMT

Google Parent Alphabet Just Delivered Great News for Nvidia Investors Worried About DeepSeek - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijgFBVV95cUxNS3RTLTVwQnVVLS1ERGU4NEpaWW9wekNjQ3NMd0FiZHlDMi1BaWUxTmNHUW5zLVV0WXEtZ1FZVW9OWjRsUUFQVEEyTmFhWkpLaVJCcTEwbXRJZjNyMUdxTjF2RHdpQVp1Rnd3ZW1LOTVvN1gwSFVEZjZpQ2lrQXdKVFpJaW9VcU1hdVhHSjFB?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 09:42:00 GMT

DeepSeek’s security risks lead to bans in several countries. Will it be the next TikTok? - Palm Beach Daily News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitwFBVV95cUxPTlJtaDl5dWNJSU1wamZ1STY4VEtpc1RxUENSbmRuQUF4a1dNeGtMQTF1bjQ2VFNEMDlBYktub25yeDl0b20yTTBxa3NMb1pZV3hCZkJqYmxSb0d2MHNVSW80eUNYbjBuNUF1Rmxma3k2RnpzcEVZdmRCenJCb3ZGTF9VNnRwc2V6eDA3NFZvRkxvbTJUOFd2VC1ORGM4NWtZY1h3akVlOVZ4V01UcU5MeEVuNjNlMlk?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 20:46:36 GMT

US lawmakers introduce bill to ban DeepSeek on federal devices - SiliconANGLE News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxNUEJMUU50ZzVldW1meXA4ZHk4WkJ4VVUtVU01NXlKMldTeGw2ZTBpb2htOTVfTFFnSXotUWhWdTh2ZDB4VjdHY21GVHRBMUlvR0NQMFAzdkl5R190MVI4NldZTUtWcjNqc2ZGaGVha09rQmM3WmUwUnVNcUF3SlVRN3NNX3luVHN4eWpqUWMtWVFCb1Job0IzcQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 23:50:42 GMT

Most Miss The Real Signal DeepSeek’s Launch Delivered - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirgFBVV95cUxQbm12aTJpWl9yTDN0NFdMTGYxMzZRNy1CV2lxVV9sUXVwR1lKdmNFUEhHaXBYVWZjRHg0eUZFSEplTjNvOUlLRzdzcWU4NFJDWVNRQzVaZERHak5rdFUzZ3FiSlVoWHc3cVVYVkxoSnBkTTN0Ym1Udjc2ZGhMVndJWGZKWUNsQ1NHS2dvS0JTbkNpVUZsczlhSjU3QmVTVVZEdkZ5dmxxRTJ2UHdEekE?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 13:00:00 GMT

Deep Diving on DeepSeek: AI Disruption and the Future of Liquid Cooling - Data Center Frontier
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiygFBVV95cUxOU3FwZ1JKekJqNmN6NXg3RVB4a0tkZ3pfak5NMjFOMHgwYkxiMER5ZHA0Tzgya3VWUFFmZXFtYklBbmpvNXNEUk5OdzBaWG42TDdIOGUwLUpuZkN4NTc1NFBrWTVfVHpPR09rZmtGNVI3dUZlVllFbGI2cDEzNVcwUmtNNzNLWFBVU2h0eWNGSkEwTWI4bVlSNkptZHo2UnAxX2NDUEdreTJXVGRmcTJVaTZ4ZzllNWNvOHJoY2dQcndadUNPbndkU0Vn?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 21:06:29 GMT

Taiwan extends cybersecurity shield to critical infrastructures after DeepSeek AI ban - DIGITIMES
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimwFBVV95cUxPMGhnWXZGRm0zZmtzU2FwVkxBaUZ0a2VhMGJvRnczUENleEpyekJhZTc1X2MzNUxVWnF1bW0zZXEtX09aMnpQdWNkOUlILWIyMUxrT2tsYUVid0FQOUdKOUlOQUpvRkc0d0Rva1ZUd0xhYXFrWm02YW9WcmJnWVZMdzhNLTBXSDlyRFN1RzBlZU1SR1ZjZURBYjFuNA?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 07:05:44 GMT

U.S. Lawmakers push to ban Chinese AI chatbot Deepseek on government devices - NonStop Local Billings
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi5AFBVV95cUxPVEphZ01nLTJqRVdMYmdPell3Uzctd2xDelhuQVd3Wi1qN29ZZnlMWWJzLVFuNEhhVWtZT3dHYVVTMnFKZmV5Sm52ajI3VUM4R3pNUmNCbnYzNUpSbksyM21YLXZWMTFQTnhyYVhsZ0ZtMzFTRVFBb2ZlLVNrQzJiTFJJdklucVpDd3FVeFlDSUREd2lSMHpya0UxNFVjVml1ZFE1Vjh4MUhLVGNGUGVEN2Zqa3NxZFk5a1Y4OGkwS1AxbzFZSEduX29rRVlKNFdkcVpjVEhoSnlIYXI1ZExSV1dBUzg?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 22:35:59 GMT

DeepSeek ignites a frenzy of AI investment in China, is Hong Kong's A-shares set to replicate the "US stock bull market" of 2023? - LongPort
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiU0FVX3lxTE1qS2NjSDh0T2N0bnExM1IzYWYxcVE3b1NTODhMODJEZ1pQSlQxU1owM0tNMVczQkNONE9jejJSYi1SaVRKR3NHbkhKYllFMlRaSTE4?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 06:24:04 GMT

My Interview With A U.S. Deepseek Staff Reveals Five New Takes On The Future Of AI - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi4AFBVV95cUxQOEsxUjk2MHZwSkd1UzF0NlVSaHhDYm5sbkF4a21BME1sMFJoOVhTQy0xR2NBdVNwVHJqWjNINFdDSFNiTW9Zajdjam40aFl0NG9DaFg4ZjZvX1R3bzZ1TUgzRS1zWTZ2MWRTRnlLZHFaX2ZMNU5CVWdmMmgzRXc0Uk5VVzJJb0o3alhwQ3JiT0pHeU55bll3ajRXeVRIQUQ0VUJpcnhCdzBPSUtlRk02RmZFQUZHVXQ0TVVWQWtQR3hzOXpBd2ZWMDRaQ3pKNmhtVmdtc0NIY1dEelBPbFRJVQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 15:44:32 GMT

Millions Downloaded The DeepSeek AI App. Experts Say It’s Time To Delete It - TV News Check
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiakFVX3lxTE1NbDBpZEpXZzFTSS1hYThLY2hOM1drdFhNZUJkMlB5cEY5TEQ4LVRQNjZMSUpyaDlqb01VamVJdk5PRVcxM1J5MThRb04ta3RCRVFEVlMwcm0wRGFBaG1zcGR5bnVyN0JUV1E?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 10:35:43 GMT

Reliable ‘reasoning‘ AI agents may be just around the corner thanks to DeepSeek’s innovations, say researchers - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihwFBVV95cUxPOVo4MXR4SlphNnpuOTJPcEtDcGV4ZVdGZmJmZHo2VjdQc3BrckpFZ21aQnY0MGd4STN3LTZ2dWROMzltYXN3Mnl6V2JpUWN2aUtWdXlDRURzdFBIYWNoR3NDaUZJM2ZRVGZFZWRjV2JsZTIyZ3JOdDM2eldaWU5leUkxaHFSeWs?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 16:40:00 GMT

Should Investors Change Their Artificial Intelligence (AI) Investment Strategy After the DeepSeek Launch? - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifkFVX3lxTE5wbWptZ0JiZGtvTm4xV3U3MlBscmVNQkNTME1lR1k2RmJ5TGxzLU4xVDdzSmN6UHRFZWt6N0RQR2owTVhjWnFWcHZ3cXF0enZBWXo0Ry1hc1FUTmo4SnhESUNEZHJwMjNyNDJUOEtET09aTWZSTnAxTl9ia0drZw?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 13:00:00 GMT

Bipartisan Bill In Congress Would Ban DeepSeek App On Government Devices - Investor's Business Daily
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilAFBVV95cUxONlUwS0ExdXpITno2NFM3OXZqVVlWcTJjZnpXMHhwZlo3aTJVNE04ZmVFekg4akhnS3luRXhsd25uaThKZmR4dDlVbFNHY3RCZ2tCd0dHbklkRTFFZHdwZDJkUE1RS09UeWotTk92NnJKTjAzc1A5SnNOSjhMTTdSY1UzWlRYck9vYW4xM1Jkb2hMS2ZL?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 16:43:00 GMT

House lawmakers push to ban AI app DeepSeek from US government devices - thealbertan.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivAFBVV95cUxPMHZJaG5MNzA3RFdwaG4tdXY2VDBKUVp3UmlDWDc0dHdiLVQ3cWdvYVJ4NXhfSDlKMk5SbS1CWHFIYTJoYXB1bFpVVEo5Umg5cVcwUVI5cW53UW9xNzBPUlhpZVZ2S2QzTzVkOVpIc1QwOWdQN2I0YjJmYW82VWtteW5oRUs3RU1YTzZTY05CMnJtUlNxT0xwdXhiUFYzUHNBa21wM3ppMmwtdHVQbWY5NEdPT0taOV9ZSTdTMA?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 22:22:43 GMT

DeepSeek Isn’t Yet Impacting Legal Tech Development. But That Could Soon Change. - Law.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiwAFBVV95cUxPYnZvQ0luYTBMUDFTN2FteWJHN2VxYkhQTFlybk5uZ1l3SEFMNlpCSTFWQ19ZVHVDeDFsM2V3TjY3OWs3Z1FJcVF4YnFnaHFWRFEzaTBSc1lUczRsMHBuM2p1NWpZY1ZzMHBaX0RlQXJxZlM5WmZXOVJOV3Vsend3S0FtOGFPb2VUSUJtYTZmX3Z0ZXNTa1JmcTJNMmNBdVpVdnZIcWVHR3ZhM2FXT3Bid3IyUHgwY2M2UHAxV3JJZ2g?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 18:45:00 GMT

Congress Moves On DeepSeek AI Ban - ExtremeTech
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiekFVX3lxTE1WWVI4WTFwV0FmajJkNnhDOEhpcERNSHdxdTZRLWREYTJtV2NucjViQjZWRFB0dlJFWGFZVUJNYjkyMmVqOUlkUV94QkF6N2VheHJjSVFMblViaFBUYy1PT1hleDVxSzBYUHkwV0VyLUNNSTZTa25SaDRB?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 19:30:00 GMT

Alibaba joins Microsoft, Amazon, and Huawei in supporting DeepSeek AI - CloudTech News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirgFBVV95cUxPcEwwOU44ZGZ6b251NHhtbW52VjJ5Y280QXo4U3YyMHF4Mngza1pnR0Ewel9raXJNTE1RZW56ZjhJRVk4NHA5X2RlcUpZelRrNG9zY3dRZWdUM1ZoendDdjZjV0ZXYjZSTEV4RmZ0cWs0cmZlN1Z6clo3RTBnRDFtN3BTNFI4dVVrWnBJbEF4MEwyT0hNdW1yNTdDeDQ1d1lOOUw0QloxcV9majFXc2c?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 16:57:41 GMT

US researchers built a DeepSeek competitor for less than a tank of gas - and it's actually good - TweakTown
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi0wFBVV95cUxQb1dpR0dNVFF5MlV0ek9ZUjk3QzZJMGsxbkFlWmtEUjRwNTBuNXFxOW45T2NYMHhJX19TZ1BCVmU3dVdwRVFhZC1OLWdwLVE5YUctTFkxWEwxNGpCeDFsQjZ2OU5kVVBTSlhwU1BsM19FWmVKODlqdU9yWXd5ZmRRQW0zTTFEcElleUdNcFQ3RzhSaXZna0dMeHROSEFyeE5KRWJMa29ValBOcFVXY0h5V0Nqel9GVDE4eTVxZDl1bHp6NnIzLU1KNnFnTEZVWlZjcVl3?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 03:39:01 GMT

China cries foul over India, several countries imposing curbs on DeepSeek - The Economic Times
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 15:01:30 GMT

These 8 stocks could be the biggest losers as DeepSeek clouds the outlook for tech - Markets Insider
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitgFBVV95cUxNaV9zNUFVbzJqRHdMOWU4cDQxaTMyVW9KQmNfMGV5LWVtelpfenE2WXloeG1EQjdHeHdXc3FGNF9TYVUzVXZlcW5VZm8zN1NTYmloMFExNmllYWZXX1pqMmhHdFltLWQ5TnZGQUVBR2pnM2djUEdXSVpHMlV3Ny1fWTdCMVFza2xGYWNWMkdiTmhkTHBSYUhUMmJEY1NMa1RQUUwwQkJFMDVVcER0ZFBabVduOURQQQ?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 14:48:00 GMT

House lawmakers push to ban AI app DeepSeek from US government devices - NonStop Local Billings
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi8AFBVV95cUxPMlVwYVVLeE5wYjhfY0U4cHA3cy1hdXZOeHNoWVJUSXhsWXQxRzZJbndTZ0NsckZvVWpPVjQtMUctNTIyS0FtdFp2N3pERHBJS2hUeE9OV245VjJSeUctMWFJbjJJSW9BVjFlRERPdUlDVk42S2U4S3M3NDVNMXVPLTU4YUFNa3oxdktCdGtYWDZwbUtJa0JKUktZc2x2SlFmUUlWMmRZSWFBdnpoWlFlblZZMnhPTVBCT0tfZ013Z096OENIN2pDR1dWc1pGcDVjQTVIdktOT21qN3BJQVl2TTMyempNdTA4cEFrRHNxV0E?oc=5
Published: Thu, 06 Feb 2025 22:35:59 GMT

DeepSeek R1 hands-on: 5 things we tried, including developing a game - The Indian Express
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 19:19:38 GMT

Will DeepSeek's Artificial Intelligence Model Destroy Nvidia's Valuation? - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxNM3hsT3NucE5sNkpyeDdJSlBWbVFwOVpKWk5GbkZTRTlhWXhEaHZhX05OdUgxZXBIcHo4VHJjbVRjTEYzQzJ3dFlyMk14eHN0bVZKSVdaTnlOTnB1ZmhEbUtQWHRwSkJCcHF2cDVlOTB3R01yNERuenloaWJ0dFFNa0JGVkJ6QmlQc1pFcFk4RXhkMEJodDVxMw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 22:03:00 GMT

DeepSeek, DeepSeek, DeepSeek: CEOs keep getting asked about the Chinese AI startup on earnings calls - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimwFBVV95cUxPaUxXb1ZjX0pxdEc1X0ZzRFVPUDZsZWtHZHhVVk1sam9hZTdyZUhvUGZlN182MEJZMWJVQldMbkFWTUFxakprNWwxMEJKSFN5ODlEdXJ1OHNBQ1U3NG93Mm5lYTNUU1BFQk1ObGxKR2lJYU11X1lWRExxUnU5ZW1LN3JfSDJmcWY5SDhUNFpqRVI0ZE9lcUV6ZkZoZw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 22:10:00 GMT

Alibaba exec says reports that it plans to invest in DeepSeek are untrue - The Paper - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi2wFBVV95cUxON0FXRzVQUE94QnJtNkszX2lZYzFxYlVkX1lxeER1NVdVOVd5SGU5UzVTMFZjeUY2Q2RZQ2RVMnNhSEVsZm43U1VXWlVfTmpPOUpBclYxamVFN3A0QTFSRmw2ZmxxWnVWVjZfbEQyNWduRDRJNUt0SUo2dlFBcElsWVZETWRIWm4zQTJPWlFmZ2ZCa2JQX214U1BBRGh0NUszUmJURjNMWUltUWVSdXg0VUM0ZW9HanFSSmZzWWstYnNIQ3A1NXVpMERPNGtITExfSzJ1YTRhOEM0Tk0?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 12:14:18 GMT

Security firm discovers DeepSeek has 'direct links' to Chinese government servers - ZDNet
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirwFBVV95cUxPRldPLWo1bEJza2hKVEEyX21oUS02RFpQQVFtRjdYZElGemZLcERQMEFGQXNDRzNaaXB2cl9oSkdkcVptRUFsc2J3Q1g0dVdkVXBsVVVHdG1PTWxWWTk1YllybGZidzNydHhJRURaejQzOGkyQVhBTklxZXRQb09pV1ltaGk1NTFseGs1aWVjN1dkS19yQ0kxTW5EMFNBSlEzX1Bad1VhVWEzQmdGakJF?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 22:27:00 GMT

Lawmakers push to ban DeepSeek on government devices, mirroring TikTok concerns - NBC 15 WPMI
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi7gFBVV95cUxPaTNxUW9kVS1UZmRTNWFFY24yd3BJRXNFMzRJblpDVlpHUlVXWFVUQndiY2dvN1B1S1pzVUFta3Zpb05icGRkZGdHYndYY01zM0EtYkg3SGhxcmtST1E3OFdwUUpSb3JyRlpoN3BHcktham9JYm9UZnJPdGlQTmpYVm9KZ3M0TlNlX0E0eENYdVY2VVZMNmNZb0JQckRRNXV2SzctREFxTUVuWjBiNE1fcS1RaVh6dXJlcnRlaWN4My03TFk5ZTI0S2NCQ3MzSW0wbzFFYmgxYlloQThwdkQzQUNzeC1aaU1SN1ZRN2RR?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 20:47:30 GMT

After DeepSeek Upended the Market, Is It Worth Investing in A.I.? - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifkFVX3lxTE44Q3lqcXRjSzN4a0luWGpfTGtScy0wSFFWa2pMQ2U5ZUZMY2pSTVJFSjkyd29VVVVfUTRrNFVtZmtsTFpZTWtKZzc2ZVl6ZDV1ZEk2UHZiR1dKeWNwV0JTMnFQRmlXN1V1RDFuUXNrUU1zdDVINDlCbjUtUnFxdw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 21:31:25 GMT

OpenAI responds to DeepSeek competition with detailed reasoning traces for o3-mini - VentureBeat
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirwFBVV95cUxObWd0RWJpWnBLVEY2SnRScVlqQkQxQ2Ruc19fblh0bjdzamNuRWpMN0xoclk3eW1hS3JsZ1d1b3BWNlhqZHU5ZUFGbjBFMUVhelU2dGJ5UHlkSEVSOUZYMmx6LXgtMWxWTlZHbE5uMGpjdFJ4Y0x1TmJsY21sajYxMGtCT2VnMGMteUF4S0doUmJBRVo3VjVGQTBZM3p5RzhpeDdjZ1VBRF90QUR2NjRv?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 21:46:56 GMT

US lawmakers move to ban DeepSeek AI tool - ComputerWeekly.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikAFBVV95cUxObWVpQVdxbGoxVTdMNjlaRUJqWkZ0ZnUwcmlHOElWOUFGcG93bGJyNG9jVkE2bGRYUk01UTdHT1paSFlkZXFvSzlCSEpYUDhxZk5UZjk4SEFmbkoxc2VVazFiamRvbERMVk4teVhQODE2X3k5UjRmbEJzUlZJcnB5T3ExQjJXWVY5MmRJdFI0Nzk?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 17:50:05 GMT

Use DeepSeek with Amazon OpenSearch Service vector database and Amazon SageMaker - AWS Blog
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuwFBVV95cUxQUDZMR2xrVVVZRTNScVdvQUhzeGFOODhzaGN3Z0hnRjJOU0VPS2xrTHM1aVQ4OGVDNjYwQUc3eE1heUtpZnk1OVY0OV9GX2hoV01yNTlPMVIxcEZxNGtPdkF6aGUtdERuZXlzMXVDWlIyNElTOW5fZndRTDdHal92dmdiM0RmNjZEd1lYNGNjWmg3LXBJQmlSYnBHdkNCYmFMWGFFSXhnazNIekkyV09FZDJxQmxsdU1TRE9v?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 21:21:10 GMT

Anthropic CEO says DeepSeek was ‘the worst’ on a critical bioweapons data safety test - TechCrunch
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiugFBVV95cUxOZjk3SE9QWS1qR2w0SDRBOUY4NnU5aUlObDBIZ0xGYnhObzJPT3J4cUI1ZnRjMGNCSkplbEFaZi1HYjNLUXlrOFhpTDRTUDhFQWZyejhnZFIzTkNHdjI2RGtKaVlXcm1JZU5Sb2Q3UmFzVXFabGFTMUpWRU9MSkRCaFNZSjFTeEFlLTVubHo5bnBjUmtSWVdVRGRXbnVzTmNmcGNja1lrSVlTNlp2dllHZEYwSzhaY0R1OWc?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 22:57:28 GMT

The President’s Inbox Recap: DeepSeek Upends the Competition on Artificial Intelligence - Council on Foreign Relations
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxNTDhSbXNNaG1xZTlFZVhhNkxLSUFZLXZYVUxSU2Z6WVlmblhIOTJyMmFtd3dYZ0VHMFE4dEVqZFdQVUoyejI0WUJ2bGltT3pRUTB0Y1NxeUY4VG9wWGsxSzN0WXRhaHhJSExwZXVidEYzUkw3d1IxMXdoSjNnQjdoekRfM1dsOHlkNFV1Y0dnRk1kc0dCdnpLelpONWdwVUwy?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 20:19:40 GMT

LLM Hijackers Quickly Incorporate DeepSeek API Keys - Dark Reading
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihwFBVV95cUxPR2QwVldVMVh4TC11UklXODd2UTE0QV9FSk5QSVVzWWpGOXk0dWp6TnVZNldVTE1FY3o0b1p6cEVGX0hjTDZhSUZjQ3IxQ1FBUmluYV9pTHhndkpvTFIyc2RjQzRtX0ZjZEdicWNRZi16RFk1dUU4ZWczakVxQVhaUnl2eG1PNUk?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 20:47:46 GMT

DeepSeek fires up AI deployments into PCs, robots and EVs amid US sanctions - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 23:00:14 GMT

Lawmakers propose new legislation to ban DeepSeek from federal devices - AOL
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigwFBVV95cUxOYkY3OWRXMF9XVHlmMlFuWFRvRl82Q1dGcmotRDFxamV2SEVmTDNWZ1pMZmN4TU1YU3p1Z09ocUtPdkFZUkZwODhYMjhoa19fUkhtNEM3cWZLeFRPVGZuMU5Pa1d5aE1WZHVuZnZXMXUtT0dCWUw3cG9RQTAxU1U5TnZkWQ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 21:54:00 GMT

Asian Governments Rush to Ban DeepSeek Over Privacy Concerns - BankInfoSecurity.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiowFBVV95cUxPUFU5TVhjc1hHWEx5MTFnSmdZa0I5RVlwWGV0bnhsR01BR1JXYld4RkY4SUpnS3JGakV0emJVZm0ya1MyTjRtTVQ0dlVPWGxDODk5dUU0UWxwYUtvMzcyTm5rbFBGTmFhdloyNkVTRFFVV0pySVB1Mmd5RmVoVWtibWFQVURmeGtKc0xsbFAwMHRIX2dQMjZtR2c3ZmE1WWVJR05j?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 21:31:15 GMT

How Lucy Runs On A Virtual Treadmill | Comparing DeepSeek’s AI To Other Models | Science Friday - WNYC Studios
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi0wFBVV95cUxQdGdXSTl4dDJWcmdQWVdvS1RCeXhwM3BrQm9iaFVvdFJ3azRURGhyRnVyYW9ZZkl6UEk3RHFlOTZtb0h2eTBDaFYxRzFjbXo0TGdENzdrWmhDRDZyS0RRbmg5eHJzdWYxejZOYkRNN0hBSGVIR1dIdUV1ekVGWlZRZVdnVGRFampQNldSZjNxSzI2YXAyOTJZX1VlSzdwbG8wQmc5U1FuTWlWZkxuakQzOGZKNFk2UTY0QWRVX1lXVDlsWmVnY0Q1WkNEUkpzMEtST0p3?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 23:06:44 GMT

DeepSeek App Transmits Sensitive User and Device Data Without Encryption - The Hacker News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiggFBVV95cUxPSlo5b2dzVGRKYk9nX3RhdzY4RDBOT25mR3N1UVNsRGg0NDFXMTltQ0ZrOXVsM2w4RjNlR1JWT3h4MFRHMmJaTk1XaUhUYXhDMC1CY2JjRG9pUVhFWHhHeE5sSmRUeEc2WjBUZHRDTDRBUExQRlU3amU0VnRjRmt3SHJn?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 14:58:00 GMT

DeepSeek Breakthrough Is a Win for Palantir: Earnings Outlook - KraneShares
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijgFBVV95cUxOMVN6UnZzSFBLQld3djhIOXM1RnhnX2tsV2Z3X0VpWlhLQjN5U0NiZkY2SF9paTdmbm9lOGRfWWc4eDZiTVRwcnBYQkdmRjJoMnprWnUzYzVrZVZ3bE1kYk9fcFIzejVQX0RPb1VZZERYNk1xMUpEeUNjVThIRkpXRm9tdHpXTmNmTjRLZURR?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 20:12:20 GMT

DeepSeek is ‘TikTok on steroids,’ lawmaker says as US ban on government devices looms - BGR
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipwFBVV95cUxNcXJ6TUVYaWR0T3ZjZmpLem1EdjFGZ1ZLRXNxXzZxTERPZjVmT0NnLWtzMHYtcEFwUTJPWG8xcmdVLWJNb3N4bEVSbjA2eTNiZk1mV2JGUW9rUXB1eW0yWlZKTkIyR1EyUG1pQ2V0QjdMZW93VExMM1dsZDNMODVOdG1zejg2eXlGUk0zOEdDU0FRZW1xYmNhZ21MLV93YUVKOHhuX2tIMA?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 20:56:00 GMT

Is DeepSeek AI a “Sputnik Moment?” - Denison Forum
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiggFBVV95cUxPWWcxd0NTT3pzOWZ3cENtYV9aV1Zhc0pFT3Vnc21UR2Vja1JfRzRENmtMcEh1UVhVM0NwZnhQWHZabktleHVJUi1UbERHRVBHclFQWlFiY2JWSXBuSThtTUVCdlZfWksxajVZQnpORHJ3Q1dtaDNybFlXV3lJUHdtOF9B?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 21:00:57 GMT

Lawmakers push to ban DeepSeek on government devices, mirroring TikTok concerns - KTUL
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi_gFBVV95cUxPSHRqREJKQVZQbDM1UlZXVnNoSXZLUHRWSkJIRGc4M0VWOVM3bzhtaU9IdVk1dTlTUDQwU3pESW9RSU54U1RfNkU0aGg1T1VPMkVoV2VtTmJTbGhtMFVWSTdhY1UxQzhqemNvd1R3WGdkQWR1YnZkVnRNb3JsZG5IcDdKVGxoWklvWncyRXR1cW1RRDkzSGVCekNiRXBBN20xQmVDOFpTbVhON2YxOUpDSkc0OHRzam1yNGxsdU00eXpSZzdRTzdyWDItX3hrZHMwZVp1RHlxeC1hOU1nWlBCRF9GYzJITGFYRFhNbTNQQkxqOG45NXE0bS1aSU1rdw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 20:47:53 GMT

Lawmakers will introduce bill to ban DeepSeek from U.S. government devices - Mobihealth News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiogFBVV95cUxPT0tiOEhIVk9zOXM2Ym5xdmdhVFItTmE3QWYxY1ZKYndJM2dJSjduNFZJN0dfZUMyb3o2VFRkMFctTmppamstaXA1OWRlREVBSUtDU25fbERCczNEa01RX19zaHlnbzNaOG8zRmg1VkQ5N0RlQ0IxcW4xV2Y5cExEemVBa0ZNNnBicnJsamJBMEotMXg4M2pqTEdtdEt2VXI5M2c?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 18:34:26 GMT

DeepSeek’s hidden security risks foreshadow AI’s future - Semafor
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinAFBVV95cUxPWHdQM1lKTS1mRDZ3RkVqVWtna0czV050NFloMVRqOHlqa093dlAyek1FOFJYcmJxcXBPSTlpQ0NEXzlkV1dfc3BZRXJ6OXlMQ09pc2hUS0c3aVByZ3U3Z19rQjd0T3VGWktBcUc4X3NNTXBmUkxURVJ6MkZqU1ByaDZNcjV3ampGcFNrZTFtRGtpT0RCXzZnT19raks?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 17:46:00 GMT

Congressman sponsoring DeepSeek ban says China has 'tried many, many' times to infiltrate the U.S. via software. 'We're right to be vigilant' - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikgFBVV95cUxPSTJPNFZoWEZSMWNUMkd1cnM1a2JVOWNkQnREeEpldmxCdmNlQXZmS0xjWEs1NHVIVUQ1VWRfME5hVkktMUJIV2FsZzBITk83T1pzZzkwV3ZEQ3NKTHhGbUJNcGVLZGoyS0hCS3hqRDBiOGtlRFFZNXZEZ3RwZVZ3ZWFmWjVDbGlZNkRuTTRuOGFtZw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 17:16:00 GMT

DeepSeek Is Sending Unencrypted Data To Chinese Servers, As Its iOS App Suffers From Multiple Severe Security Flaws - Wccftech
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiekFVX3lxTE5sRlJRR1lYbHVYZVRwUFJ0UHZGYjVSRU5QUEFkcGlNcnBieGdJeXBKN29ZMElnVUFtMm5NcVVzWjl0dTJnZ3dqVlViVFBTbl9uZ3N1enhveEFfS2JDemp0QTNjSHdtbGNmNVNxblNfMlN5czNJSkpTVFRB0gF_QVVfeXFMT1ptOGltaGpXTlk2Y2dJaEZwUlVTeUlDaDNBN3RpYlUxRXVoUGJDUjcybFRBcVFETGRMdlB4bXc5bDhqWkFUR28xVjZSNm1QREt5WVJMTzh6aGQ2OXYzdDdjUGVYQzVkOGYwT2xqbzlHdEwwU0QyQmxhZ0lqVUhMaw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 21:03:00 GMT

Like ChatGPT, DeepSeek is free: Here’s how to use it on your smartphone, laptop and PC - The Indian Express
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 17:29:18 GMT

House bill seeks to block DeepSeek on federal devices - scworld.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxPbmVfMTBqQUdmaV9TRUVid2pFS2RnVVB6dTVHSkozSS0yYlZaMFoxYlFXQ2V1YWEyVHg5dG56a0hYUUNLMmdxYlVEeFd3WXVFSm04MDAxMFNqMVZWbzNNbjQ2SDBOTHJla2lXNDNkbWk4dHdTR3l5YkU2RVdJOHdDZEJ2ZDlmdGFXRjhZ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 17:36:00 GMT

Illinois Congressman Darin LaHood seeks to ban DeepSeek from federal government devices - CBS News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimAFBVV95cUxPNVJKTTFHXzBMUGRCTjdYcmFxSVB5TTRMTnZ2YzAyNU8tZG1ONHU3N0lwY0Jva29talYxanUyTlh4THQzdExqbnQ2N2xpZWx6QmpOY25MRnhHaDhtUTNkZGk1T254UXFjTWFGaTBuUHdRdUpVYkR4LU1TVGhKZmdZRWp1Z1Eyazl6YXJaSjZLbGI3em5WSG9qM9IBngFBVV95cUxPTmpCVkR6SG0yZF9JeExEaTdSRDNxLTYxd3psdHp5SXRzOHZYMk5BdU1ySW5xZDN2UVdSU1lacFA5QzFrRkdXd181a1VrbWF4WUtSYVJLcUlPa1ZHcHE2bk82ai1qZDFOTmF4YmhBQVFOOU5Wbzgwd2FGUmdSS0lseXFxWldvTmFjdFA3dG53eHBubmdKN0l4Y1Jpa0g0Zw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 21:24:11 GMT

DeepSeek Fails to Deter $325 Billion Gamble of the Century - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixwFBVV95cUxOZlNub2pZLVE2ckdZY1dQSmVhdnFEZ2haTkhQb2VIb20zczF4STVYNnMxbnRfZFp2OGFUcEQ3YTdNQjIzbXRDTkZtTHJidzZhbjJ3ZzJoWXdUTm5fYTIxVHJnZk9WaWlRNGR4U2k4YXIteFU5WFpGMkdEenRZYkJsN3NOV0x2MjQ3eEx5aXRGcmhlMW84TVl4VXlHcUJZWm9DQ2tkLVRZRkdXMkVyV3BaUk85UUVjZlJPSXAtWnRIYW9uSHNHenlJ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 12:00:42 GMT

Bipartisan bill looks to ban Deepseek on government devices - Spectrum News NY1
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixgFBVV95cUxQYWprN0dqQWlIVWFrQlFLaHBXMVhXZGExY2RjNjhKNXF5ZU8tZjg2ZHlESFI0RldqeFZ1U3BtYnFoYXlPRU0yZTdPZjQtclVtTnlycGhRQUNnTzRxQXNYbVRWWlJrUjhzZF9FUjJTS1VPWDdvMEZpWDZMcGJ6QlYyODlYSGZoZXdmUE5jaWdjWHNUSVNkMDVLb3FianQtZlJEYmRYTEZ1MlhJblUxWHRDN3ljdWZDbEVqcU8zdm9DeFB6Z2lvQXc?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 19:17:00 GMT

DeepSeek Sends Artificial Intelligence (AI) Giants Plunging. Here's What You May Want to Do Now - AOL
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijAFBVV95cUxPYmF2SC1CWElfWmVrUmlQM1VKWWxnd1VZZnpoNXM2SHdldlhGN3hUaDM1bGhmNTcwQTNwNGtfVE1mdjJBQWdXMDZGM2hVTW1DcUV3UTFmd0hlNmNxTk93YTk4N2ZzMkVRYnFzZ2NPc1VQRzhnLXJtZ0pIZU03MmM5WDZkYm43T09vbDhrVA?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 20:09:19 GMT

ISMG Editors: AI Security Wake-Up Call From DeepSeek - BankInfoSecurity.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilwFBVV95cUxNd3dBalZnaEhWbDhOS2ZhYUp3bEtIVm5ITFVCUGxqYWFZb3NSdUNSdXpxeExQQVVhLUpFYlRCNzZIX3BKNERhX0F5YUJDbUNaaUpzN21uRkVuaGNRcll3TDdSM0Rmd3RxQ3cwMnlNdEZyWFl0YjV0eTdWTEFvYTVEREhGd3hEeDc3WTdzenFmbEJNeGdBMFFz?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 18:57:03 GMT

DeepSeek’s AI revolution: A boon or a security threat for law enforcement? - Police News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipAFBVV95cUxOSzJxNWVYX2NORkVTLXY3X25FUDFmTjhNa0ROYVVOQ3RnVHNGZVNVenFSU3R3Mjh5ZlVJa2FFU2w0UTdqeVBQcE9vZkFVaWxVVVFMeVMyTlROWEc2SlFCek50UDV2Yzl6WEF6RW81Nzl6dVd4ZkJqTEJtWDJlUktvOEFYMmQ0TkRuMjVPT01Tb0JrY1E5V25aOU9oT05fX2I2dnV0QQ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 14:25:07 GMT

DeepSeek: Everything you need to know about the AI chatbot app - TechCrunch
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinAFBVV95cUxQUTlQU2V6Z0Rhb3ppQmRrd1FGOHdkaEUwY2htR1RQUzVUQWxMYnBQNFF6eXZfamZMU1lScnhxdzNEdjk2QWM2cHZUQ3JPdXJQVl9SQXFyVDFkLWhRbHJhamk4T0RaWlJ2LXRXdTN6Q2R1dnlKVnJqVHF2bzdCYjZjb01mYk5RUzdncUt3cEVMV3lwZFBHMEg4bGNfLWQ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 17:41:12 GMT

Can Catholics use DeepSeek AI? - National Catholic Register
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifEFVX3lxTFBydGdvWER0X1JiRWdzOF80eVMtaTF6TFFnNmZ4aC1zTks4UlJPeUVFUThZT0hSWGVoNkNEazV6Yk41YUN5MzI0VnExQVZJeXE2c1pLcURqY0pPUUlNc3pUa2hMLVZGc1dyTU9jM0dUeEdOUkVIWmNWckpGQkXSAYIBQVVfeXFMUGJDUXZ5bGlBbUx2YUwxZHVKSWVjZEZVeVBJZW5tX3ItNlREZTlBcUd3LUtqRE1xa0p3cXduQV9hUlBnTjFQdEtmTFh2dGE4RE5KdFVDNTc5b3g3TTJobzkydzRIeGZzcjdqV083azN3Nkc4NlNpZEFub2lTZG1kQjlnZw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 18:52:51 GMT

The Drug Industry Is Having Its Own DeepSeek Moment - The Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimgFBVV95cUxNd1Q4OXMxeVVDMXROZ3hCR2FfaG1EVnNlMGF4SE1za1RHTkszOXloWjhTdnpIOXp0bW9TWElRZTBaQm9NV2VmNDgzV2pfdlV0aVNicDNnUmNQMHNYem1Pai1QOXVfYk12ZVFaeWNqZzBPRDRZQjQtR21SektteF9LUEdGa19FbVc0NjNUeFk5S0E0bTJDVUV6VE9B?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 10:30:00 GMT

The 2 Best AI Stocks to Buy in the New DeepSeek Era - Money Morning
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikgFBVV95cUxOUlpoVU9rUE9EZTNqM0ZrczE5VzZZRklKZmlyRXJHVndYRlRuVTdQMnRTbXpBWHpKaTVtTTZJYTEzV0x0SEZxTEFteDZObURnaV9JSG90el9ReTJrTGthWHhIRThTSnYyU0F1N2ZsNmRQOEl0VS1CUDAxZDJVU0ZqMHFpNE5lRUZPTkNCQWpkTUNtUdIBlwFBVV95cUxNeUNVNndVa0ExbHB6eV85c1JfSWx1eEJfR014c2FlM1hsc3I3c1ViQ1NQLVI3bzBPUFhsNnlRWDJEeEhHdi1SVDUyNTg5dndaWG9qWjF1dUhWOUlnLVJTc3Fpb1JzV0FBRG9paGFzc3l6RTdvRFdTRWNuS3JManUwQVBHYmlPQjgwSTZXcDhkT3JqUEdtVkNJ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 17:55:00 GMT

Tampa tech leaders challenge AI giants, emphasize accuracy in the wake of DeepSeek surge - The Business Journals
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxOT2I4dS1yM2FXS0pLWDFqdVBibEM5M3hnY0xaQWtWN1p5d2xVQ1REd2tKNDVyaTFMNFZNWTBCZE5DczZxc2Frc3dJdER0TXJveGdCaENZaDBxV1N6NXdhMnRpZmZMUmZoaGtzWnF0YUFMLVI5TVFGTFZjVTdhSjZsRVVsMDBnU09iVnVV?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 21:14:00 GMT

The DeepSeek App Doesn't Send or Store Data Securely: Here's What Researchers Found - MUO - MakeUseOf
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMie0FVX3lxTE1xN3dsakk5eE1Pakpvb05rbEc3OXIzQWRxbUh5RmplWVZBNkFZZWxqTk55N2pJOGs0NnNHU0RKLVVlMGlmVF9leFd4Z3RCUUJabktWeDV1SkxGUzdxLU1sVkx6S3M5R3BCTjdPN3NJX0RPRjdxekI0SGd0cw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 20:56:00 GMT

The DeepSeek effect: How China’s new AI is supercharging product design - Fast Company
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihgFBVV95cUxQNlhPN19lYldBUzVQTEJ0MHVLVF9vYmc0TXhTaDBvczNjUVJrQnRva1NNNlhnUk1KWGdhUHpFaWNHRVJyaEdWcmZlb2FVYk8wd1FlZU5nUmR6amw1YjRJa0ZLZENDTjNoSmZOSkdscUlwSkUxR2ZNaG9tb3JvRklMLUdKamFPdw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 11:02:59 GMT

OpenAI changes ChatGPT o3-mini to work more like DeepSeek-R1, but faces backlash from users - TechRadar
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi5AFBVV95cUxNdFNhNWdmQjN5QlBWMVpwNkpoTERHcXhuM0c2bmpFMV8zSjhTa2xvMDhsb0kzOTg3YXdLc0tTc29UT2lqZVh6OHh0Q3VSTGRlVEVKSzktWUZZWW1ZbE5zSlVPRDFSamFJeG5ycEkyVDk2YU0zRGw2VnljUlpnSDNHcnVITFhuTU9naEsxa0tla1c2djJGMWZFZm5kaTV6d29mNmtmak5iS3RNekdmUi1EeDdMTmlFVjhiejN2TWZiU2gzWDlsUDJXT1R0M1NWUTJkb0ZYM1RPS1pBU0hZYUNzd2p0UHk?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 20:00:00 GMT

Snowflake Adds DeepSeek LLM to Cortex AI, Citing Performance Benchmarks - Cloud Wars
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinAFBVV95cUxNNXo2YnpCVm1pZEpJMHFqUlVrbXA3bmZDOUxQbEZVc1g3RGNUMnZienFxRkxiM0g3NUpaakc1aHFkTzBPcVVxWmgzd1JnYXd2cEl1LWx0Y0g2eVBXVE5LNWFFa2taZGloNmRSMk9ZeldBUmlYVTRwNEhvdFhobGNObGhiRU4yM3BMTWhsYTk4ekJpUTJ5QU5Hc0pUTTY?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 16:00:00 GMT

Lawmakers push to ban DeepSeek on government devices, mirroring TikTok concerns - FOX Illinois
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihwJBVV95cUxOX3R4VVZ1VGpwdXVraEdaU2ZNc2FwQjBWazFDVng2WEoyOWR2cFZRVjAtbm9QZG13M29SQ2xrVmt3RzNobmJ5Qi14d1MzaDdiRXppYUtDbGdJWGdWUk8xMzh3VGpIaGNtV1h5aWd4WGpmem9NRkE0bXZUeHZBWmpTSEliSF8xS1lzTS1fOFM2RThSSVBzS3NkQVpFd1d4dG1XSGlSWDM5eWk4UU9EN25mQ3FaTUZnXzVCc2ZLdzVnYlpPUXhNbG45X0phOHhqQld1SWEtUk9oUTdGYjkzN2ZkUVFPcGJXblMyTTNfeGs5TlRhTHZBdGF2Vm5GUWg4OGJvY2pSNUlFVQ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 20:46:11 GMT

Bipartisan effort to ban DeepSeek on government devices amid national security concerns - ABC15 Arizona in Phoenix
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixgFBVV95cUxOZV9BdldXVVVldGY3QUpLUHk2ZHJTWG5OOERaa1R0bVFvUU8wbmE4RDd3cHVleGl2aDZsMC0wOXNuRkd2ODJ5UGZjVmxoeHhEZDlPUVMzUnlFTnB4Y0R0ejVPeklaTTBBNVZTNDFUcF9hY0VaQzdqQXJ0VTNWbmMtR0R4WncxOHJfTlVxUU9PWEpwMUR3Q21UOUc3UlpBanRMdGo3dnhQbHRJcEZkcjEtNFJrSFBuVTgxdWQ4RU5CS3RRTldlRUE?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 17:49:29 GMT

DeepSeek: China’s Gift to AI or a Trojan Horse - myheraldreview.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi1wFBVV95cUxNY2hLX1RObFZvOTRRczNoMzdmelM1SzQ5c0k5SWFjcHpkWXlLYWtzUGsyR053MmUwU0J1Z1JPeXZsblJPdW55ZmVVaUVCcnM1Nnd6b2NSWVB2b3hPRzFmUjJyS1hsbFJnN0RldHNmTTF1cV90RjhQQldKSGlnVjRjTlQ1WEk3S1dBeG1yWWtzR01lSTMzTWZQcUx0bnZ5ZDB2TmVsbEdWNDV5VHZBRWYyMGdfbFpnWkthc2JXajJjQWVzbnZ4RzFocDRsdHJ0OUZLcmhNOF9zTQ?oc=5
Published: Sat, 08 Feb 2025 01:00:00 GMT

Is DeepSeek’s $6 Million AI Miracle Just a Myth? The Shocking Truth Revealed! - Mi Valle
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivAFBVV95cUxOeUdfTFJtdHljQ3RwcnBycVZlSFhzZWFRd1VvdUgwMHVkSnpoZEFFS3ZwSmlhZTNiQ2NnblZfQTR2aW5HWC03bXdyd2tkQmp6VlVhWlZXTE9LZ0NmMTVIRTFoVEhJM256Wkk1eXFLUklUWC12SGdybGEyWG1NWGxEaDM5U0VuYUdRUnNLaTV1ejFYc0E1cWI5UDFFdmJCNzZpVUlPYTdwWVc2cm05SUwwbnRCUnJKODlkZjRxZw?oc=5
Published: Sat, 08 Feb 2025 00:08:28 GMT

Alibaba denies that it’s investing $1 billion in DeepSeek, shares up big anyway - Sherwood News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipgFBVV95cUxOVzRtZDFBNGswLWZsT3AtdzA5QjJjbGdlaENRQVc4dm9oM0xFaXU1ZWtfMDJHcXBMSzNMb3J1T3h0OGc1X2lsMkx3elhtVkhzOGZlWWd4WnlReEtCZ0ZJdVpSbjQxUFJVM3F4LV8tWjI1WlVxYklHV091ZjBMOXM2TjlhQVZCd29SaHpTb0dkUkhOWnVhNG1IZ2lQd0U0ZE9pMWFWQUln?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 15:22:30 GMT

What Does the DeepSeek Disruption Mean for Southeast Asia? - The Diplomat
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilAFBVV95cUxOdEVWUGZJbmNGeHg5b2NuZkNuVzE5cXhRSGxDaG5uMmJoSUVIaHJWODFYS0ZOc1puYXlmMGxud212cURSR0syLUdXdnY4ZlVMaGZNT2xLVnBONFdvMmw5XzRQcndNTkNPbGo0NHU1YnJacmZocEZVSFZRU3BDNGhHSGNGNGxrd3A5ZnUzZnF4cGE3QXJJ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 21:30:46 GMT

Cohere's Aidan Gomez Doesn't Think DeepSeek Is Enterprise-Ready - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiwFBVV95cUxONG0zMFp0ZFp4OFZ4SjZmWGh0WVpJSlotVnI5TzloWnBIQzdaVEl4N0FEcHpQNWJMMkJ4UDdQMlBVWFVacVYyNnRyMXN5a2xHVkNOTUR1NkVFa1M3WlphbnpZc0dQa1M5dWF1aERaeFVlei1LeE1EN0VDVVJ1ekFldV9aMERRTUlqZzlV?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 14:01:00 GMT

DeepSeek Shock Fires Up Bullish Bets on Cheap China Tech Stocks - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitAFBVV95cUxQMDR0aEE4dkFCQW1nZzVfZEE0Ri11Sl9mZWd2aGRkSzNqTlZaYml2dGdMSUFybDZMUTZLa005VVVKVHBwQjVjVlkzQjRrRDlESXAxVFlzTl9rZldTTFJKaTc2eHZRVzF0YUFXUC1HY3pCNHBXSlRnQU5feEhmMGlDQXgtV0lCTWNldUdqYXBLOGFIR1BXamJKOHNfbGJxbHdMQWhiN0x5T0NkWGZSUHF0SEQwTWk?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 08:25:45 GMT

DeepSeek mobile apps send your sensitive data to China with no encryption - BGR
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimwFBVV95cUxNZ3ZsZ0dfR0VsT0VSQ2Z5Z092TDVaWlFUcGozNzJhbF9hNGdfcUVPN2owa0hTQ2RCRXctaDJZd2dFaDNtWDNzNFRlY05IWlh5UGV1cFBqSHlaVUVnLVdzZTVadzVDS0MyeWdCOWpUQThqTld2Q1gzdXRZVm5SaWV5WE1xR1ZlNmkzX2Q4TFh2a0s1S0R3TDdGanJEZw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 14:40:00 GMT

Don’t Fall Victim: DeepSeek-Themed Scams Are on the Rise - KnowBe4 Blog
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihgFBVV95cUxOUk1GdUdkV2JHRkNDR0tKSEZnUUk5WTB4WGlzaThVVVlOU3RuYmJGWWZkQ3RRczg3NW4yVGItdHZMSkdjWEY1ZHd1dmw3MU85ZmtINEwxLXhHRjFSc0otbE5YdFhWeG5uMGhXVFVKdE9hdHJZT2RRUlFVS2tIcUZ2d3F4YnZlZw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 21:43:13 GMT

China Tech ETFs Surge As DeepSeek-Led AI Boom Fuels Bull Market - Benzinga
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitwFBVV95cUxON3BCejlraldVSmVIVTlTa3kxV1ZhS1NleS1EbDhHczZZMzhORGRsd1daeG9wTWtqc0RmOEFMX3ZVRV9XTVdTRDNlamhGd0dVY09pYWZqcHV2SVJVT3Nhci10Wm43Z3FGMEV3X1VQU0xUVEZFaHJ0T0g1TmxPR2Q5U2NSQmtvRzJ3Vmk2aFBGZVB2UEVVUVhlN0dKcE1HaGg4akhzOUtQdmNSSU9YakNjenBwMG1DS1U?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 20:47:46 GMT

Kagan: China shocks US — first with Huawei, now DeepSeek AI. Is Quantum next? - RCR Wireless News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMickFVX3lxTE1vaXF5dTZQdDUzTzdVU2x1b081S3pabEtnblJHLWhkVGlBTklQOXI2QTRfaUVSRF9ERG4wMnJXcUt0azQ0WTYtVFJsVDRVVkVsamc2d1N1QU5zUk5lLWNLZ1BVelVyd1JuWFBQb0JtdXpVZw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 16:02:03 GMT

Security flaws and privacy concerns plague DeepSeek iOS app - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi0AFBVV95cUxNcmVncC1KN2ZlclNDaWN1U0xUajNBQ3VEOVltSlhvR2syODAxd1JDbk9wZV9Ia3dhZzlvQW9PRDJTN1g2a21odndIN0VUNDFOU1hsYjFrUzJ3bDJBTHVyNDdoc1BaNlJBMUZlNWIzelpSSkh0WldnRWhQcXoyeUwzbnFLbjNqM0llZm45NVotSUhZS1FYSFNycUw3dzdTbmRuMEo4eTBXWklRaHhMdUFHS1EyS3dEd1g1S0VSQUh3RWhXdE4zSDFTQnZrU2NkR2py?oc=5
Published: Sat, 08 Feb 2025 00:07:19 GMT

DeepSeek's rise is prompting U.S. lawmakers to take drastic measures - PhoneArena
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirAFBVV95cUxQcld4LVRWdEExRWZKMFo5MnN0S19XVjlRSHN5M2EyNU9iQWNWVDVkY1h1NzNKYkNwX0V3T29SUWJfZzB5Z3JtcFQ5aXptTHQ2YTh6V0ZMdm1fdnJOblNzUGtqblBoU3oyXzlTbnRKd0pYeG5Cb0tJckJiOWNYRjdLUXUzd0RjN0Rfci03VWcxRUk5ZENFcVc0ZzFpd1M5NndUU2s1WHRnRnBJaWRO?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 19:40:20 GMT

7,000 Exposed Ollama APIs Leave DeepSeek AI Models Wide Open to Attack - HackRead
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifkFVX3lxTE1hNkw0YW9CLVVmR1hmcC16TkhZTE1KMnlEMVBFV0lJUzNiLUh1SFF6SXFCaWJvVXp6WUJpMGltVzdrcnBSUDh0d2gwcWhmNGNyd1dsNHBfTkdlRXU0c2tTSUlCa3JKRG9QTGtyT0hYV0Q2R3lBYm1hdEhnZnozZw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 15:50:28 GMT

DeepSeek Will Bring AI to More Companies - Yahoo! Voices
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinAFBVV95cUxPbjRtUmF3TlpwTWtOOHdOWEo5bkxGdFB4S2w2NEFlVzFoRGJNOHdoWlNqOGhjZ0RrN1hWNWJybGVkNlNDWklQelctbC1MenA2RURIS0kzU2QwT0E0M0J4ckUyMnZ0M3hLVXBva1Y4bU90dzlvNzdZN0FLNnFFeFVERFAycXhyRjRKZEctbmZvUE5DdjJnLXZYT1h0ZFM?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 23:38:00 GMT

DeepSeek Revelation Is Scarier to Investors Than It Is to Tech CEOs - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivgFBVV95cUxQNmRjdnVnRFhLSng5SG96RXVvak9uMWlOREhJeWNGNzhUb0JVZGVydmNnRm41eWxYcDVDRHBEeXphNWxBMldzeEV5N1pUSXp4bEJEQ04zQlVWUzF2SVdoRjM0RklLOFRoVlFlbHlNRExwTVU3TDB6VlhUWUIxUFVnNkhnWUJucEpSWllkN1NXcGcxYnU3d2Z1X0NKMC13Rm12QmcxejduckhubFFSUEZOT3Y0enQ3Z2gzeG5JY19n?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 12:05:45 GMT

Ban on China's DeepSeek starts in America with the State that an 'angry' Elon Musk moved two of his bigge - The Times of India
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 09:59:00 GMT

Who wins out from DeepSeek's success? - ITPro
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilwFBVV95cUxNMTBsOUkyc1pWUmgwYWFQdUJZU083azVlQVNyS3RuSU5EcmQxMkYtSmdicTE2S1k5SGxmVVhkbG5jRkhWQkZVdGZmV1VFLUpkb0VVeHhTbVpNVDREazVuVUIyaTBLWWhYeUFJS3JESmtuQml3REU4VjNnTDBxQjFYcEI1eVF3XzVmODYyS3hnX3ZqaDlxM1k4?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 12:50:06 GMT

Lawmakers push to ban DeepSeek on government devices, mirroring TikTok concerns - WLOS
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi_gFBVV95cUxPZ1FtU3pvWktFTXdaOHJjZE11dVR1S2o1bWRORmFrUG9KcFV6V0xseGZwMmVIcTFzREdxYUtMX2l1TGJIWVFvOTV4eXhMUjFibDRsaHo5VFJzSnV4OTc3blJkajRRLUJCQkR5dW5Ibk13bG5ySnNxYW9iOGd0VWI3eWtBa21CRllKY0psUnVOR0o2YzQwZHVzR1laOW9DMzJ1ZG8xSW9UdHZhN2k4UjY1LU92VXFlaUhrYThZc2dlbzlXWWh5a1pKM2x2NDZPRUF0U3dzdC1UZ1YwRWhSYVpFZThwM3hoNzBhTnZIcGdiWVlBLVRSc2VGYkk4TzQ5Zw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 20:46:03 GMT

Podcast: The impact of DeepSeek and other top AI trends for 2025 - Computerworld
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMitAFBVV95cUxQNEhsZGt0Z3FqQ0p5UUZOZThyVkgzbWx5a1RPTFp2Q2M4NTBNZWRNc0hXUVNPdXJNZDFGUDFoYjk2bTNFdnZ1cjBtZURZQVdHWVRUenBqZTdCQ0pxVFdHbmpFSEoyZnRBNUhhUlhkR2g5ZzB1dHphWnlvVWVpcnNFVWdrdXBQSkx5dXRxbFk0N1d1WUc3SFk4MVREVklselp5MjZ0N1dZM1dLS0FBQm9iLWVMV1I?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 19:21:48 GMT

DeepSeek AI and the Global Power Shift: Hype or Reality? - Unite.AI
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiggFBVV95cUxOZnpIZWJpcG5NcGQ1NXAyNzZBZUVVaWFyQkpBRHRxdmhpUHRYaHNwUXJUS1RHR3VPYm82eGFabmxGR0g3ZFgyRV9WaUR5VkV2SkJuTHZEelg3eV8xeVREbkRYSmNoZmd0Y3l4VDVBZkJrZGhuQWdDZDl4OXo4RndZdDFR?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 16:55:41 GMT

Chinese firm DeepSeek's AI chatbot restricted from some government phones - thealbertan.com
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivwFBVV95cUxOVW1MTVVBeElpTlVSQlZRaFYzWUlWbFgxZG9JSUtHUzA2eWgwSTNndHU5dXRFanR0NVR2LXNnZFhHcGwtbGFscGloMnJhV3pvRHJfWHM4TnRvUWo0WmdqTFZmMUVhY2NtT0l4N1Z4RjFPZUI2ZFJVa2hSWnFiLXVPdjFJNkhocy1LTU81QVR6VFIzU3F3a0ZXZkRvU0lrS2NhTERERXhEU2EyQVVuNWJhYXlzT2NMbHp0d2lFU05FYw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 18:02:33 GMT

DeepSeek might be just what the AI app space needs - PitchBook News & Analysis
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijwFBVV95cUxQRkdyWHZGSTJJa3d1Q1NyR05NZHcwNUlGRzNEbDVTOWtKOVdHbDd3WFNsWEFQZTRLd1p1RzdkVkEtalFzNngyZFhqUnZ1MldGeUtLTWIwWUZ2ejhCRWV2dGZHZFBhTThHMS1wTmdyLWRRVS0tRF9EdkFwc0FqSk1FeVZXN25MZjk5X083Nml6bw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 18:18:10 GMT

I tried DeepSeek and ChatGPT to find out which one is actually better - Pocket-lint
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiZ0FVX3lxTE8xLUZuU3VrX2NOdUFqXzBkd3k4Z1RGUEo5R2pjWUUwNzNDYzViSDBjZ1ZuaFdyZGNTdzZWZW0tZDIwQzJWR3ljeFdjS3FxZXFmNW1KMEliRndBbkFGUWFJeVJkbGtBalU?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 19:26:00 GMT

Lawmakers push to ban DeepSeek on government devices, mirroring TikTok concerns - Turn to 10
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi9AFBVV95cUxPZmdIZmpMN0I4U1hrWEJFeDNYMlN2QVYza3pCNlhuOWxPUWNuWHA4WWNjdlJRMHNRbmt4bnZsU1hVbDdyX1p6bFEyUklJLURHTDFYSVNaZUFRaF95c01fc1lWLTZZMXMxcHV0a3RNaVdzalpWVUxoT3czb1Y0QXE3dElTcWlPQlRjMTVCeWtXd21vazFOOUs1bHF2RkZwRVNMY1pERUJNcnhKOFF6c1UyU2d4SUlLUzJablMxSlVGdkRldmVjVG9XdWltNy1ETV9rZTNWREEwTDNrMDBNZjhWM2NqWHQtVXVuX2JWbTZOUGtvMEsz?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 15:42:54 GMT

DeepSeek banned on some Canadian government devices over privacy fears - Global News Toronto
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilwFBVV95cUxPRTlobGVBVzNSVGRmVWo0b0tXamdaQ0k4MU5naENJa0dUN21OSlprUU5SWWxCenY5T1FBbEI2M2FlbW9QMjlEcnlQeUo3TVlwa3E5eXRrSU1LdXlJN3huaFVuNUQxN21kR2dtRk5YWDdub3JCcWJaeHhNbkpLdTB6TXdpN3dnQjV1QXFSeEkwRm83ZlpXc3Vn0gGcAUFVX3lxTE1OY3Flb2hWTVpRTjZNZkpRb2FkdVROYVJtcHdyV0RscDBHQ1RMYWJVQ1BTVHhLbklKb3BucTlJUC13bFdlRm9FT3JaeEZEZm9aNVpXa0pEZHp3ODFQMnkwaTVEU04xSjRYektyOGlzRGVHVlVLZU5mSWNNTlNuUjlzMlo2ZHRNblg1RTNvQ3V1Z2Nhb2Y2b1c5UUVTZQ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 17:49:08 GMT

Chinese AI model DeepSeek is turning heads in Silicon Valley - CGTN America
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinAFBVV95cUxQckJmcUJOMG52S0tOTlNPNV9GTjlNaVhDWW5NTGpNeVEtdFEzLTdoRnVEXzZOaVYySFBNaTRZTkRyaEdFMWE5WEdXYUdiNXFBaHV5NTY5RFdqNTRxaW0xMFJrOG96R0FWSW1xRjN4WG41Ylp2aUltRElPdFVMRllQR1N5YnJvX0VJbDYtQW10UHh2X2JfSnFWSVhVTDY?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 18:05:00 GMT

Trump: China's DeepSeek Not Security Concern - Newsmax
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijAFBVV95cUxNbnEtZDBRX3dOQjhRRGJDWGZuUlpfb3BGNFY5QXFqYzI3cW5odDdjdU5vVXdGLTZZR0pEdlhOUzJNTk03SVdENHkwYXZkczhUTkVoWjVtNnJsNGgzc0lwV21DblVvd2h5YUY3YThzSEZjSm0zbjZDTzdrTFAxZ0N3amlxQXk4UWxyUnFubtIBkgFBVV95cUxNeWZtR3ZNajFpSTkzZWlPMVVIX0paLWdUWlMyS3Z6dHBhVENWYjh0Snd0N0ctRi1hWHFOVUpyNTlaU3VsOU5vaEdpNzJnd0FJSFVkYTYtRzlyZENaTlF4WmtlUUxxQkx6cVV6RW9VLVBoRWMzNmNhaUtMMTB4ZkI2b3I1M1g4dlBVMnNGQm9DS0R6UQ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 18:46:05 GMT

DeepSeek’s impact, multi-agents and other 2025 AI trends - Computerworld
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipgFBVV95cUxOT1lVVGZNeFZtWFBBN1J1cllkT253ZV9rN0tzdkJJblpwWGNMZlV4Nm9NdjREODlTdlhvakhXdjIxbnZudkhUUU1yNE45VHlkeUpJbWpKb1lBY3QybHRlZkFqYkhlMkJaMnIyb25pYm15M2hvZE1sYkZRQVV4NW5Nd0E0ZndnZ2VoWVczMkZJTjl6N1ByYUxjdUMtY1I5cUxEa1JDalZ3?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 18:39:09 GMT

Chinese firm DeepSeek's AI chatbot restricted from some government phones - Rocky Mountain Outlook - Bow Valley News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMivAFBVV95cUxPM1RsOGxLNFVjS1M5S0ZnT29mTDV2RDRCamd3bWo1SmhNNEpxMXhPcGlPMVk1SmtnOUZsYWNIN1Z1RFJvZUp3ZTJEbmt1Tkw0dXo1YVhYNEp5cG5PRUJPWWVJY1NsZDlxTThUcDNJX1ZnOVVjWkItQ19FTlpLMWRMcXMzUkNINldqU2xmMW9uaEpBcjYtRExuNzc1M0s4blJvcF92T21uWDZiRXVwOVNOSnplc1Z4OFVQNkxnRw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 21:08:25 GMT

Professors Fear Impact of DeepSeek ‘Censorship’ on Students’ Work - Inside Higher Ed
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipgFBVV95cUxPVkFwektwX2syZEs0Q2dJWnpvcElBNnNKVmt6T1FzNDlhWEgyZmdjVUZyRUlaZWVHMTNiUW5lbzBlU0xyNVhUcVluMkRoWHVzTTl3THhJX3hSdXd2SVRBNW95NEg3UXBxT0lKcEpoWG5OcGc2S0NvU0pTdVhKYy1zWUNQS2duVTV1cG1pRzdkSllrQzBBQWVUZm0yU25TNlhmS0wzOGlB?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 08:03:01 GMT

DeepSeek’s rise spurs debate on data ethics - The Tribune India
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijgFBVV95cUxPdHhKZzJBazJVRE5Wdk84eUdvWGRMSDZ5MHoya3ZWUUEwYk5CM19RSjhNR3JndU1JS2FoOC0zeWFxMlFaUDBpemNabUpPbGFGX1RsOVl6YjZOdVVPcmdnR1NaaDdIUlFsNXA4QTdkZ2Z4cENzb1N5RG5fQmhKVFFtYkJkZVFIT1JVaWphNTdn0gGSAUFVX3lxTFBXOGxUcUpsejAxUjJsay1LUkVWSHBuSk5LS0VodXlnSHhBNHhzM21HdE1uTmpONFR1NGV0OVctRWhXZVVFd2xFTlJoNkxVQ2dJS1lHTGVKQlRQQzBCMDhzMERWMkRfREF4WGtsU0Y0T0RVNnBtZm92TmtHNUwyZ2R3MmdxeTdvYjVrZWxqcldYS2lB?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 20:57:48 GMT

Where in the U.S. is DeepSeek surpassing ChatGPT? - CW33 Dallas
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiekFVX3lxTE5pRXh4akZxbEJ1Rk9GMGh1R2dmbXV0Q0xNbEZQaHhDdUt1Z1pjR2dFc294QlBHdm16RnE3UTd6Rm9fRzhfN09fZnNwalBnejNmTkxZTnNPUEttRVpGRmFzSk9PMDlMT0p0bFpDajVRV2xTam9nT1hqR1V30gF_QVVfeXFMTzZCSno3Q24tX0xldV9sQ3l5VjRBdXBVS1BwaDdSVEtIUURwMnV2X3V4TXNLcVo2YjZ0U3B0RDBaV0JEaVphSS1BQkwyT09teHk4M1RkOXVJMnFtazhQSUdhTl9reUM4S2RCT0d5Q3A1YjFJZ1haczdWZHloTVl4bw?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 16:13:00 GMT

DeepSeek AI app should be banned from US government devices, lawmakers say - TechRadar
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMisgFBVV95cUxQMUdxNTQ1SWMybjhYbDNGR2p0SVMxX3FGZmNXZ2I4Q3FpLWp0WVpsWHhPSEJaSEt5aEdZdlA2LUNhXzVHektPYWFqcjBRMy1iNklIQk0wSVpYeUdycGJSR1VyRDlXSlRIN3RfWmZEaTJHbnA1VWJhdm8yR0EwY1Jzbk1CSFNtQWoxTkpZNjF3SVM5S0pYUnBqb3hBWXg4MzhDTVY5M19TaWpvMl9XM1licVV3?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 14:04:00 GMT

IBM’s open-source playbook: The AI market shift, DeepSeek’s lessons and the future of AI development - SiliconANGLE News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiugFBVV95cUxQQ2NEYnA5eG5OeUFpb1dMRlBzdWk3X0d5Q2NmWFRxbW5Ua3l5R3pEMDhhMUxjX01YbFlZQ1J3SGpTaDdyTWRxdlRpUlhsVG40MG43Vjg0VlV0UmI3SzJYV0FtVDFha1lyYTM5MkJBTGI2M3dDaTRWc0I3bk9GUGxxZzR4cVBmTVk0ZUlXdm4ya2UtOHVGRzVibUwzVHpUdXl3LTVxWUJvNTRtMW5wLUxoSWZLaG1rMS1ZVlE?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 15:47:50 GMT

Dan Ives Just Called DeepSeek the "Temu of AI." Here's What That Means, and Why I Think He's Right. - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi7gFBVV95cUxONDRTQVRHRUd0UkhSS2RJWkc0WXZRdXpOYkZ5MXh3V3V1TlpRZWxFX3otbzJDdnU5aE1GOUFVTVkyNGxYWGIyYVpDYjhxQ1cxb2xIQXBBVXdScU44di1GYmpCY3JxLVVMZ3d6OGhqZU9Ja2FxdXhzbXRYV2duMVFzSGRIdU1vek9NSjFqMk1oUUgxNFRnVVJiRVpVanVuOVJCbnJYY2tJbWhsMVdEYU1VNU9PNHJxS3RPeDQ4MFY1ZHVFQllXQk1mZ29Zc2VUaVFZV0hlM2c2LTBWN3lmQ0J6VXFYT2o5amJNUXlKV0Fn?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 18:46:47 GMT

DeepSeek's iOS app sends unencrypted data to Chinese servers - AppleInsider
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipAFBVV95cUxPRlM3OW9QaURFN2NwSXZ3VHA5Y1lVcldYT2o5VTZWRjRRSXlHLTlzeldtaGJfeHNJeDVFTjNWdGRMUHlIVjBzTFJxUnhORmtFQkV0cDJ5cldoTlA3ekRSYUJQb1N0NGdkazJuMTFVMTdPZTRvRmd4VExCNzFKMG5valgxX0phdi04SnZfTm5tT3U5aE1TT1gyWE15RmxJT25JQmZ4YtIBqwFBVV95cUxOYkZ1VW9sc1RBcldTVlZrbnlGajA1TlZqdXJZcmpWZW1KVjdXNTVjMXpQQkM1bHljdlV0bm1FUGU4Zmt0SlBrZmxrd1dQUkJlZkdzX2psUmc2emYwQUhxV3FISGkweTY5dUJ5TTZCa1VnbjNpN2ktNmZaTFU1YW9SWlBhQ281cEJheWg0anNmNmVUUXFlYnJEeXJBSzA1SDdOQkwxY3hMdTJFQWM?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 12:59:13 GMT

New Law Could Impose a $1 Million Fine for Using DeepSeek - WebProNews
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijAFBVV95cUxQNkluS3IyQmVLOXE0U1lWMXBRRFBWVXc4dGhTaHV1ZGRmcWJ6RDJDYWVGSUF3MVpOQlFRYjdOMFY5UnlIa0I2cl82UnI4UTlfcWpXb2dGWHp5R0dYYjRjZFl1MHlqV2F5WXBta05MZ202MF8wNUtfb0hnTC0zMXB0ZFEtZkwxSlJyV0dnZA?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 17:59:44 GMT

AI Daily: SoftBank to invest in OpenAI, Alibaba denies DeepSeek investment - TipRanks
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMirwFBVV95cUxOaDdBOVFLVWFDdk5NOW9wZjlURW9ZbVVYRkJadUd4Mk1peVdsZ2o4MjVsM0YtTjQ2TXRSZXlNem9Tel92MnVDTWxOQ0oxRnRxUHp6NFpnVG5LdlNoWThNWXl2dzZHSzc4VUNsQTV4MGo1SGpFSkY0UGFNa2JJUmdJbHFoVnFfT0hQRGVGRTBudnF5MjYwa1VFRGUwTDdrRF9lMWZPVFQ1cmNIdEVvblY0?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 18:59:26 GMT

Chinese AI model DeepSeek is turning heads in Silicon Valley - newsus.cgtn.com
https://news.google.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?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 21:07:29 GMT

South Korea is the latest government to block China’s DeepSeek on official devices, following Australia and Taiwan - MSN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi9gFBVV95cUxOQzRNYWpRaEpYaTg2YmtZUkhIb3VBQVFtSXRKWlcxNmpTOURSYTR1MW5Ja1VsNU50UkozZUk0SklMeVJJVVVrWGVmTVU4OGR1SUdRSm1aSXVjTFA5RGxwaldmVV9XR2NLSXNaaThvT2hsU1o1aXlLU3JkN2o0cm9JV3VldVNTRHZ1UEJyU1U5Tm1RYmV4bXJiclhhMEYzdUQycEt3MmI3QWNwa3ZfZTBPeERQb1dRcmV1dm9qNDJpamJsWEZ3TEl2c2NIRVEwOFk5SDl4STliMU9wYjlDZVRaazI2UDN1a096TWo4THhLTnRrWnotNXc?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 20:23:19 GMT

DeepSeek chatbot to be banned on Canadian gov't devices: report - Seeking Alpha
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMioAFBVV95cUxQelJvWjFDeFhOZVRNTTJvNGZhdmhyNEhuZFFLQl8wdDNQcDdVemx2NXR0eVlkSmowVEdCUXA3MVBKTTZrLUc0bEozQ3ZUbUNEcXRwUlNwWHBCd0szUGRjRC14ck5KUXVHLXJtS05HcnZQcXZCRHplUGFTS0RMOVcydVNlMVFFUGdROUxTd09EMGczTkx0Q2FHbW42Vl9WQXZL?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 17:18:00 GMT

Gemini 2.0 Flash is Google's latest response to OpenAI's o3 and DeepSeek's R1 model - Techloy
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiqAFBVV95cUxQNkh0emRFU2JqVV9xM0NrNFp1Qkh4THIxTXRvMWVkbFhyWXhVVjlvYzl6RGdMUEstdzgwcWdzZjlPc083bTBTRmVGYkZCNmZ3eHBxeEtqQlB0YTlEMHNUQ1k4amNhdUFkLVhnQkN2ckRkYUY4alpSRENlaHdZZ3kzcDlGaXVMY3Z5Q2VjbHhHME5PX1dpSnFKYUhQY1BVckYweTNfRzNBMETSAa4BQVVfeXFMTUI5bUlUay1rY3pUTUM5WURNbm11UEk3TWJoR3FCUHRRbjJmQkh0eGZ4ZHdoV0dNdXRjSXkzWER0dEluM2JjYUc0TGQwemRkbEQwZ2dEUlQwd2FoMWc4dUNWMldrT1otZkVWLXltUjJLemNvTWpGanVyR05YNDlzX2ZEUVdfbGRBcUNraVZsdnBzeXltTFpQS04zWk5XUHFYc0R0NEYtemhnODIwY0xB?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 18:21:11 GMT

US Lawmakers Seek DeepSeek Ban on Government Devices - News Central
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihwFBVV95cUxQbklkLW55b2VsQ200R19pV1VQMWhtWElZSVRnQnVvOUxIcDdlWHN3ZjdwcEVsbFFaRDcyRW91cG8zbUQwbjlCSC1heWNScjdiNUZsOTltNkZad2ZYYnBHcl9JSnB5M3Q1bVdkRHVNbGhxT0htVUQ3UVNiNmhiQkl3Rm5BY0toblU?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 17:51:23 GMT

PRC’s AI assistant, DeepSeek, censors information about Beijing - Indo-Pacific Defense FORUM
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMinAFBVV95cUxPZzV6NklfWkVsRm1udXhUSUtlM3lmQkRJOHhFS2hlVWJJeFB5SjBOUHJERFVHVlFSZUgyZFpObWxqWkw2eEIxdS1LYmRMcEY2TWE1X01uWFhtd3kxUlVCc1FkSnI1cTVWQ3N1YWgzZHJNSzg2WGNBRnY2NGJQYXdsa2dKOXJqblluOW91blVwcnR0UWhBREt0cEVGY3U?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 17:19:06 GMT

Lawmakers push to ban DeepSeek on government devices, mirroring TikTok concerns - Baltimore Sun
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiuwFBVV95cUxNcllTdXZJUjluYmMwUUtIT0UzWkwzYXI3M3V4bTFPU3pXeEVLTFhDUG1yRlBzQXkwaVlsMFJJQzMyRDJCc2Q1OGN0WE1vQzJFNzRpN2Jwal9lVXRVc1VuRjE3Z0RWY2JnUkUtaFI2RFZzeG16Uk5TZm1sUm5Udm92cXFuU2hadGZHQ3lqbHZsMVJLQXZvUzJ3QzAyYUhPVWJLVXp3bmlkbVJ3RGREcjBFVDBxMThjOHBkaWdz?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 21:20:47 GMT

DeepSeek and other Chinese AIs might be banned in the US - Android Headlines
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMipAFBVV95cUxPVUtrWWFzQkdmV0hRclhIQ0RvVmRZbnRmei1OTkVuLS1ic0F5VFJlNzFyWFJGMXBBSFVGVDF0VmRsU1czTkZfYVlBY3dBcUJIQ1lkYmZhT0FaOVVrMjloZkdnOHkwQnBmOG83aUJVSFJiamZ4dGFFb2NrSGNqUDczS2gydXpxei0wVkRBekNVb3dSN01CS0haQ01fTnJtcExoTFNtcQ?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 16:35:32 GMT

Lawmakers push to ban DeepSeek on government devices, mirroring TikTok concerns - KIMA CBS 29
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMi9wFBVV95cUxQZy1XWDJlT2FxMG55amRaME01bE5iWlgyYVVQY2ZuUUZSTGNMUlVNbEdVSHNwMkdtUU95d1VoVW5BSlNNTVd0RFBaQjRCYTRIRElIajlKUnBodXE3bkxxSkk5MUZlamNjQXhuT3Y4dnVqQnNYZ3haOFBfWjRCcU1RRzlJNlUyVlpDQThzQlJVTXBWbjFqZTNEdHJMQnpUeTBLdmd3TmVObFBaZVNCdThwQm90ZXFfVTdBT1hlYi1QeGk4WXhRcDdBU1Jnc05iRUd0R1kwdjZ1dzYtZTUxZWV5OWM4b2t0OHl5emZOYkMwUVpIX25ESVhR?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 20:46:41 GMT

The DeepSeek News Makes Apple's Artificial Intelligence Strategy Look Genius - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMikAFBVV95cUxPd2VvN2d3Nko2Vmx5WkhuSzYzUW5BUl9Vd1FIOXFaanE0dE1MZG1ObzBzZ2tlc1BLbmNzZ0tHUnplTGRoeDVpX2hVWG1reUNHUU1QWEh1WmJ6QzdzN21kaWNnaHRrYWppTW13Qy1WXzJzTnEzcThDRE9hcV9kNWM0ZnRjTlEyZmJ4QUl5MGFOTUI?oc=5
Published: Fri, 07 Feb 2025 09:10:00 GMT

